my friends all love to go to the club to dance . they think it 's a lot of fun and always invite . i finally decided to tag along last saturday . i danced terribly and broke a friend 's toe . @i was very embarrassed .@ the next weekend , i was asked to please stay home . 
i tried going to the park the other day . the weather seemed nice enough for a walk . within minutes of getting there i started sneezing . my eyes were watery and it was hard to breathe . @i had to go to the store .@my allergies were too bad and i had to go back home .
avery was married with children . she was tired of her boring life .  one day , she decided to meet up with an old boyfriend from college .  she made poor decisions that night and was unfaithful to her husband . @one day , she heard a knock on the door .@avery regretted what she did the next day .
josh loved when his mom baked apple pie . he hated how he always had to wait until after dinner though . so he decided this time he would sneak a piece before dinner . the eggs his mom used must have been bad though . @he had to go to the store to buy eggs .@josh got sick .
john was writing lyrics for his new album . he started experiencing writer 's block . he tried to force himself to write but it would n't do anything .  he took a walk , hung out with some friends , and looked at nature .  @he found a beautiful spot on the sidewalk .@he felt inspiration and then went back home to write .
the cashier was counting the dollar bills at her desk . two men rushed into the store and held their guns up . everyone panicked and started to scream . the men threatened the people to remain quiet . @i told him to stop and ask for money .@the cashier handed them the cash so they would go away .
the mills next door had a new car . the car was stolen during the weekend . they came to my house and asked me if i knew anything .  i told them i did n't , but for some reason they suspected me .  @i had to go to the hospital to get them checked out .@they called the police to come to my house .
there was an extremely obnoxious boy in kerry 's economics class . he monopolized every class discussion with his mediocre ideas . the professor could never get him to be quiet .  one day , he showed up to class with laryngitis .  @there was a lot of people there .@kerry was so grateful !
franny did not particularly like all of the immigration happening . she thought immigrants were coming to cause social problems . franny was upset when an immigrant moved in next door .  the immigrant , sal , was kind and became friends with franny .  @they had a great time , and had a great time .@franny learned to examine her prejudices .
brandon was given a 10 page research paper to write for class . he begun working on the paper on his 2003 dell laptop . brandon stayed up until 1 in the morning to try and finish his paper .  suddenly , his computer crashed and died .  @his computer was broken .@luckily he had been saving everything on an external disk .
ari spends $ 20 a day on pickles . he decides to make his own to save money . he puts the pickles in brine . ari waits 2 weeks for his pickles to get sour . @his pickles are now homeless .@ari opens the jar to find perfect pickles .
trudey wanted to write novels for a living . she wrote one through traditional publishing means . it barely made enough to cover the advance she had received . she wrote another through self-publishing avenues . @the next day , she received a call from her boss .@trudey hoped self-publishing would be more profitable .
feliciano went olive picking with his grandmother .  while they picked , she told him stories of his ancestors .   before he realized it , the sun was going down .  they took the olives home and ate them together . @when they returned home they had a great time .@feliciano was happy about his nice day .
aaron 's girlfriend asked him to come over for dinner .  she said she was making his favorite , chicken alfredo .   aaron was very excited she wanted to cook , but he hated alfredo .  she must have mixed up his words when he told her his least favorite . @she did n't know what to do .@aaron suggested he help her cook another meal instead .
oliver was nervous about his wedding . he was worried that he would stutter during the vows .  when the time came , he took a deep breath and began to speak .   he stuttered , but his wife smiled and touched him and he was okay .  @then he asked her out on a date .@oliver was so grateful for his wife 's love .
sara had lost her cat . she was so sad ! she put up signs all over the neighborhood . then a wonderful thing happened . @it had fallen into a tree !@somebody found her cat .
kelly was playing her new mario game . she had been playing it for weeks . she was playing for so long without beating the level . finally she beat the last level . @she ended up winning .@kelly was so happy to finally beat it .
tim and deb have been dating for almost a year . they met at a party they attended last christmas . tim picked deb up for a date tonight and took her to a fancy dinner . just after dessert he proposed marriage . @she said yes .@deb said yes to tim 's marriage proposal .
my roommate is from germany . he is a very good cook .  one day , he made some sausage for me that he ate back home in germany .   the sausage turned out poorly , according to him .  @he did n't know what to do .@i loved them anyway .
when i was a kid i really wanted to play checkers . i sat down with my grandpa and he taught me .  at first , he was just teaching me but it became a special thing .   as i got older , i continued to play checkers with him .  @i won the first game .@i have very fond memories of checkers .
ivy wanted a cell phone like all her friends . she saved up her money from delivering papers . soon she had enough for a phone . she went shopping and selected the perfect phone . @she went to the store and bought a new phone .@she loved her new phone .
dave walked into the grocery store . he was going there to buy his favorite energy drink . he only had enough money to buy one can . he reached the aisle and what he saw made him smile . @he looked around and saw that he had forgotten his wallet !@they were on sale .
gina sat on her grandpa 's bed staring outside . it was winter and his garden was dead until spring . her grandpa had passed away so there would be no one to tend it . the weeds would take over and strangle the flowers . @one day a neighbor came over to help .@gina decided to go outside and pick some of the weeds .
ramona was very unhappy in her job .  she asked for a raise , but was denied .  the refusal prompted her to aggressively comb the want ads . she found an interesting new possibility and set up an interview . @she went to the interview and asked for the job .@she was offered the new job at a higher salary .
i wanted to buy a video game console .  i asked my parents , and they came up with an idea .   they said if i did my chores , i would be given money to save .  i did my chores without being asked every week for a whole summer . @i did n't have a lot of money .@my parents gave me enough money to buy the console .
felipe had been interested in germany since he was a young child . he learned about the language and culture by reading library books . finally in college he was able to visit berlin .  felipe loved the german art , food , and beer .  @one day he decided he wanted to learn french .@felipe visited germany again later in his life .
miles was a roofer . he loved his job and was very good at it .  however , one day he was not paying attention and fell off the roof .   luckily , he only broke his leg .  @he had to go to the hospital .@miles decided that he needed to be more careful .
 johnny thought anita was the girl for him , but he was wrong .  he invited her out but she said she did n't feel well .  johnny decided to go to a club , just to drink and listen to music .   at midnight , he looked back and saw anita dancing with another guy .  @she was so happy , she asked him out on a date .@johnny did not ask anita out again .
his eyes burned with pain . his stomach churned and twisted . his lungs were filled with fluid . painful coughs rattled the halls of his small home . @when the principal found out , she was furious .@ he was near death for sure , he would be gone before night 's end . 
tom was studying for the big test . he then fell asleep do to boredom . he slept for five hours . he woke up shocked . @he did n't know what to do .@tom hurried to study as much as possible before the test .
my friends got lunch and met up at the table . ben was hungry and finished his lunch before everyone did . he returned to the lunch line to buy more food . that did n't make him up . @he did n't know what to do .@he decided to buy more lunch and then he felt sick .
jill 's dad took her to pick out a kitten . there were two in the cage . she could n't leave one behind . her dad agreed . @they had a great time .@jill and her dad took both kittens home .
today was my 1st grade field trip . my class went to the field in the back of the school . many students and faculty were resting on towels placed on the ground .  in addition , many sports took place .  @we had a lot of fun .@i got a nice sun tan that day .
a dog paused by a pond to drink . he mistook his reflection for another dog .  spoiling for a fight , he leapt into the water .   unsurprisingly , his opponent proved elusive .  @he was determined to win .@the dog ran home with his tail between his legs .
peter wished to show his daughter his favorite christmas song . he played her a video of the song .  next , he let her listen to the sound track .  the last time he decided to sing her the song . @he was very impressed .@peter 's daughter enjoyed the music .
yao was an enthusiastic gardener . he had a big garden in his backyard that he loved very much . he decided to take his vegetables and enter them in the local fair . he waited with anticipation for the results . @when he got to the doctor , he was shocked .@yao placed in two categories .
mary liked jumping rope . she would do it all the time . it kept her in good shape . she always had energy . @one day she woke up with a terrible cold .@mary was glad she learned to jump rope .
i was at the bar with some friends . it was my turn to buy a round . i went up to the bartender and asked him for 13 beers and a shot . he asked for my card and took my order . @he gave me my credit card .@he filled my order .
scott was hungry . he decided to cook dinner . he cooked tacos . he made enough to share with a friend . @he ended up winning .@his friend loved the tacos that scott cooked .
jorel wanted to try out for the basketball team . he practiced very hard .  on the day of tryouts , he was very nervous .  his practice paid off . @he went to the store and bought all the supplies .@he was asked to join the team .
beth and carol went out for chinese . after dinner beth opened up her fortune cookie . beth was anticipating good fortune for the rest of the week . beth called her later in the week to give her good news . @she was able to get her first job .@beth had just won the lottery !
sally liked the seltzer waters her mom bought . she grabbed one from the fridge . she was excited to open it and taste it . sally did n't know her brother shook all of them beforehand . @she had no idea what to do .@the water exploded .
the bride and groom walked down the aisle . the were finally married . the wedding was at the country club .  when the bride threw her bouquet , her best friend caught it .  @she was so excited .@her best friend was elated .
gordon is in a rush to get to a meeting . he bursts out of the laboratory and slips on the ice outside . when he gets up he notices he has scraped his wrist . he barely makes it to his meeting on time . @the next day , he went to his boss .@gordon vows to be more careful next time .
the two elderly ladies chatted as they ate lunch in the park . one of them brought out a basket and set the food out on the table . they talked and ate happily until they began to argue about something .  one of them threw a piece of cake at the other , starting a food fight .  @she had to go to the hospital to get it done .@the police had to come to break up the argument .
mike had a beautiful girlfriend . one day he was walking around his school yard . he saw his girlfriend with another guy . the other guy was his friend bob . @bob and bob are both best friends .@mike was sad to see his girlfriend with someone else .
kara lost her dog yesterday . she freaked out .  frantic , kara looked all over town for it .  finally she found the dog in her neighbor 's yard . @she brought the dog home .@kara asked the neighbors not to put out dog treats in their yard .
every year we attend a poolside barbecue at my aunt 's house . one year when my sister was very young she fell in the pool . as soon as my dad realized she was missing he ran for the pool . he dove in and brought my sister to the surface . @we had a lot of fun .@ after saving her , we were all relieved . 
 the harpooner struck the whale , which thrashed and began its run .   for a few minutes , all was well , but then the whale sounded deep .   the line could not pay out fast enough , and the bow dipped deep .   the boat slipped below the waves , and did not come back up .  @it was the best day of the year .@the harpooner went down with the ship .
sarah was very hungry .  she went to the kitchen to eat , but only had bread .   she made some toast , with butter and jam .   when she was walking to the table , she dropped the toast .  @it was too big .@sarah was so depressed .
we left north carolina the day after christmas and drove to florida . it was a long drive and we could n't wait to get there . we spent time with family and went to disney world . we spent an entire day in the magic kingdom . @the ride was amazing .@ after that , we went home and peacefully slept . 
nicole wanted to be an aunt more than anything . the trouble was that she did n't have any siblings .  today nicole got a note from her cousin , xiao .  xiao and her husband were expecting a baby boy . @she was very nervous .@she thought she could be an honorary aunt .
mary and emma drove to the beach . they decided to swim in the ocean . mary turned to talk to emma . emma said to watch out for the waves . @she did n't want to go .@a big wave knocked mary down .
jeff just got engaged to his girlfriend ashley ! they are very happy and started planning the wedding right away . within hours they realized how expensive everything is going to be . jeff decided to get a part time job to pay for all of this . @when he got home , he realized that he did n't have enough money .@ashley got a part time job too .
josh woke up early to get ready for the hike he had been planning .  after a shower , he made sure all his supplies were packed .  he left his house and drove to the park where he was going hiking . because it was early in the day josh had the trail mostly to himself . @he had never seen a trail before .@josh loved the outdoors .
there was a basketball game on friday . my friends and i wanted to go see it . we got together and got some money for snacks . we went to the court and sat down . @it was a great experience .@we had court side seats .
anne wanted ivy to climb the walls of her house . she thought it looked quaint and enchanting . she got small ivy plants and planted them . soon they began climbing up her home 's walls . @when they were done , they all had a great time .@it was just what she wanted .
my goal is to do over two hundred pounds on the squat machine . at my gym that is the maximum weight on that machine . right now i can only do about one hundred and fifty pounds . i worked real hard at it for well over six months . @when i was done , i was very proud of myself .@i know i 'll get there one day .
ella 's dad had to go on a business trip to munich . ella begged her dad to bring her with him . she had never been to germany and she wanted to see it ! her dad agreed and brought ella with him on the trip . @they had a great time !@she had a wonderful time .
henry 's parents took him to his first movie . they bought him some snacks before going inside .  inside the theater , they sat in the back row of seats .  henry enjoyed the entire movie . @he did n't know what to do .@he thanked his parents for taking him to a movie .
tim loved to swim with tuna deep in the ocean . he would never hurt or try to catch them . one day a fishing boat came to the home of the tuna . tim tried to dive down the next day with the tuna . @he threw it away .@he could n't find the tuna .
mel took a girl on a date . they had a wonderful time . the next day he called her for a second date . he was worried she would refuse . @but then he remembered that he was pregnant !@to his relief she accepted .
lira was so excited to meet her favorite rapper . she had backstage passes for after the concert . she made her way backstage and introduced herself .  she was horrified to see that the rapper was drunk , rude and sexist .  @she tried to ignore it but it was too awkward .@lira never listened to the rappers music again .
 while washing the dishes , caitlin broke one of her mom 's best dishes .  caitlin knew her mom would be mad . she lied and said that her sister did it . her sister was scolded . @gina was grounded for a week .@caitlin felt guilty and came clean to her mom .
andrea was looking for a new pet . she was considering adopting a dog .  after visiting the local dog shelter , she decided to rescue a puppy .   after the paperwork was finalized , andrea brought the dog home .  @andrea was very happy to have her new phone .@andrea introduced the dog to the family .
will and anna had dated for 12 year 's . they took a vacation together to the beach .  while walking on the beach , will decided to propose .  anna said yes . @they went to the pet store .@they got married eight months later .
ellie watched the merry go round . she could n't decide which animal to ride . there was a pink horse or a blue bunny . so she got on it twice . @it was so much fun .@each time she rode a different animal making her happy .
i was playing football with friends . we set up in our positions .  when the game began , i was tackled .  i hurt my knee and screamed . @thankfully i was okay .@my friends stopped playing to help me off the field .
my rehab therapist visited me today . he was to do a quick workout . we started off with some lower body exercises .  when i did some crunches , he tried to do more crunches than me .  @he taught me how to build a weights .@my rehab therapist is motivational .
i bought my girlfriend new gloves for christmas . they are leather and look nice . she loved them and tried them on . unfortunately they did n't fit . @she had to go to the store .@i took them back to the store and got a different size .
mina lost her purse at a restaurant . she was so unhappy ! she thought she would never get her things back . but then mina got a wonderful surprise . @she was so happy !@a stranger had found her purse and returned it to the restaurant .
pete got a new job at a software company . this had been pete 's dream job his whole life . pete wrote down all his good ideas and constantly showed his boss . before long pete got promoted to assistant manager . @pete was able to get a job as a manager .@a year later he was promoted again .
i had n't seen my girlfriend in a while . she got a new job so it 's hard to talk . the job takes up all of her time . finally she called me to hang out . @she told me that i had a great time .@i was really happy to see her and we made plans .
gina just wanted to be alone to cry . the only place she could do that in the school was the bathroom . but people were in the bathroom . she stood with her hand on the door feeling the tears burn her eyes . @she had to go to the hospital to get it checked out .@she tried to be as quiet as possible while she sobbed .
gina was watering the garden . as her brother walked by she sprayed him with water .  he ran laughing , and screaming .  her sisters and another brother joined in as well . @they had a great time at the party .@gina had a great time .
agatha had always wanted pet birds . so one day she purchased two pet finches . soon she could n't stand their constant noise . and even worse was their constant mess . @by the end of the day , the baby was born .@agatha decided to return them .
the boys wanted to go to the movies . they knew if they asked without doing their chores they could not go . they completed all of their chores . they asked if they could go to the movies . @they went to the movies .@ their parents said yes , and they went to the movies . 
i noticed my hair was getting too long .  i tried to cut it myself , but failed .  i put on my shoes and grabbed my keys . i went to the barber for a haircut . @when i got to the barber , i realized i forgot my hair .@he did a great job .
sandra could n't believe that she had finally arrived in hollywood . she began going on auditions to realize her dream of becoming a star . things did n't pan out and she had to take a waitressing job to get by . she soon learned that one of her regular patrons was a talent agent . @she decided to become a famous singer .@so she got cozy with the agent .
sally was going to surprise the office with a cake . sally felt that a cake would be a good way to make them smile . she went to the supermarket to pick up the cake . at the office she gathered the employees around the conference table . @the worker told her that she was fired .@she then brought out a cake and they all felt better .
sarah was learning algebra on her own .  but after several weeks , she did n't improve much .  she realized that she did n't set any goals for herself .  so everyday , she set a certain goal .  @one day , she scored a goal .@before long sarah began getting better at algebra .
lewy loved tractors . one day he decided to build one . he went to the scrap yard for parts . next he took them home . @then he went home .@he built his very own tractor .
bill could n't afford to go to college when he was younger . now he is an old man whose dream is to get a degree . at the age of 70 he finally accomplished his dream . everyone was very proud of him . @one day , he decided to enter a contest .@bill was the proudest .
dan saw a dog shivering in the rainy and thought it looked lost . the dog was friendly enough and dan was able to bring him home . the animal had no tags or collar and seemed malnourished . daniel posted signs around the neighborhood and asked his neighbors . @his neighbors came over to help him build a house .@dan was able to find an owner for the dog .
the teacher was walking with a stack of papers . outside started to rain .  when the teacher tried to walk down a few steps , she ended up falling .  the papers flew out of her hands and landed on the ground . @she ended up falling on the ground .@a passer-by helped her up and helped her collect the papers .
the bradley family decided to take a camping trip . they packed the car for the two hour trip . once they arrived it was almost dark and began to storm . after the rain had passed they set up the tent and started the fire . @the fire alarm went off .@the bradleys then had a great camping trip .
don and his wife drove to a video rental shop .  after half an hour , the two could n't decide on a movie to watch .  don asked the owner of the shop to pick out a movie for them . the owner selected a popular romantic comedy starring katherine heigl . @she said it was the most beautiful show in town .@don and his wife got the movie .
missy got drunk and went to get a tattoo . she decided to get a tattoo on her forehead .  the next day , missy was horrified at what she had done .  missy scraped up her money to pay for a tattoo removal procedure . @she was so excited when she got the job .@ after much wasted money , the tattoo was gone . 
jon was getting out of shape . jon decided to lose weight . he began to eat and exercise better . jon kept it up and started to feel results . @jon decided to quit smoking .@jon was happy to see his weight loss results .
the high school football team was going to playoffs . the team was excited and the town showed their support . doors were decorated . businesses closed early . @the next day , billy went home .@the home team 's stands were full when the game began .
earl woke up early to make some coffee . he wanted to be alert for work that day . the aroma woke up all his roommates . they wanted to make coffee too . @they went to the store to buy some .@all of his roommates made coffee .
maggie has a dog . she takes her dog for walks . they go to the park and play . when they come home maggie feeds her dog . @they have a lot of fun .@maggie and her dog are best friends .
ella was trying to pick a prom dress . she could not decide ! so she asked her boyfriend for his opinion . he said she was beautiful in any dress she chose ! @she went to the mall with her friends .@ella realized it really did n't matter what dress she chose .
ben decided to get more fit for 2016 . he planned to work out at least 4 times a week . ben decided to wait until next monday to start working out . monday has passed and ben still has n't started his workout plan . @he decides he needs to lose weight .@ben never starts working out .
a g bear is a teddy bear with a box . it talks back to you in gibberish . i bought one for my wife when we were young . she gave it to our daughter when she was three . @the next day , we went to the park .@our daughter was very thankful for the gift .
chris had a lot of chickens . he gathered eggs from them every day . he took the eggs down to the farmer 's market . everyone loved chris 's eggs and paid a lot of money for them . @one day chris got a call from a friend .@chris then opened a business and became successful .
my daughter was celebrating her 6th birthday . we decided to have a party for her and her friends at an art studio . all her friends arrived and waited for the instructions . each friend listened to directions on how to paint their picture . @when they were done , they had a great time .@ after listening , the kids then made wonderful art . 
my mom was driving to the store last night . she stopped at a light and couple of guys ran up to her door . they put a gun to her head and told her to get out of the car . they took it and drove off . @they had a great time .@mom will never shop at that store at night again .
sal was playing his game constantly . he could not beat level 9 for anything ! then his cousin came over and offered to help him . the two boys played side by side . @they hit the ball .@finally sal got to the next level with the help of his cousin .
will used to work for a coal mining company . he was a manager . he quit last year . he said that he could n't deal with those people . @he told me that it was a good idea .@ after he quit , he managed to find a better job . 
bob was a hoarder . he collected a lot of useless things inside his home . his home was beginning to pile up with garbage . bob decided to call a professional cleaning service . @the employee told bob that he needed to be more careful .@bob was nervous about what the cleaners would think of him .
i asked my girlfriend to prom in a very creative way . she said yes ! i got a tuxedo and she got a beautiful dress .  at prom , we were named prom king and prom queen !  @on the day of the wedding , the two went out to dinner .@it was a spectacular and memorable night .
today was the first day of fasting . i was in a bad mood since i could n't eat anything .  i tried to go to sleep however , it did n't go well .  my friends offered food to me . @i accepted the offer .@i gave in and accepted the food since i was hungry .
jane went on a walk .  on the walk , she passed an animal shelter .  she saw an adorable dog staring back at her in the window . jane went in and instantly bonded well with the dog . @jane now has a new dog .@she asked the shelter worker about adopting the dog .
rufus had always loved the soothing sounds of a cello playing . he resolved that he would learn cello one day . he enrolled in a cello course and practiced each night . finally he was an expert at cello . @he practices every day .@rufus had determination .
chuck bought a stereo from a store today . he went home and set it all up and was excited to play his music . as soon as he play the first song one of the speakers broke . chuck was upset and returned to the store with the broken stereo . @the store fixed the cost and chuck was happy again .@the story quickly replaced his stereo .
molly was picking up her son 's birthday cake at the store . she did n't bother to check the box before she left .  when she got home , she opened the box .   then , she realized she had picked up the wrong cake .  @she went to the store and bought all the ingredients .@ fortunately , her son was too young to remember her mistake . 
kate was having a school fundraiser for krispy kreme doughnuts . kate was selling the doughnuts for band uniforms .  in addition , the top seller would get a monetary prize .  kate worked hard over the next two weeks selling doughnuts . @she was able to save money and sell them .@kate won one hundred dollars .
ed wanted to make homemade juice for his family . he bought a bag of oranges and juiced them . then he chilled the juice overnight .  in the morning , he served it to his family .  @his family loved it .@his family loved it .
lily always loved to read .  she wondered sometimes , what it would be like to write a book ?  she decided to take a course on fiction writing .  lily did well in the course , and during it , wrote a short book .  @when she got home , she realized she had forgotten her book !@lily enjoyed writing the book .
drew order a small ice cream cone at the drive thru . he drove to the front window to wait for his order . the cashier handed the ice cream with one of her hands . drew took the ice cream cone and turned it upside down . @the ice cream turned out to be a lot of ice cream .@drew made a mess .
sally was trying to take the dog for a walk . she had her phone in her hand . the dog jerked hard on the leash . the phone went flying . @the phone was broken .@the phone broke .
gordon needed to mow the lawn . he got the lawn mower out of the shed . he filled the mower with gasoline and oil . he yanked on the starting cord to start the engine . @he ended up falling on the ground .@the engine roared and off gordon went .
the woman hated uncertainty .  she especially hated it today , while waiting for the bus .   the bus was late , and if she did n't start walking soon , she 'd be late .   she knew if she started walking now , she 'd make it to work on time .  @her boss told her that she needed to be more careful .@ so , mary decided to walk to work rather than wait for the bus . 
i had always wanted to make a masterpiece .  one day while drinking tea , i had an idea .  i went to my computer to begin sketching . the idea came together for a great painting . @when it was done , it was beautiful .@i made the painting and felt proud .
dawn was envious of cora 's new car .  on halloween night , dawn keyed the car .  cora was crushed . she had completely no idea who may have done it . @her mother told her she had to wait until she got home .@dawn felt happy about getting away with it .
sam vowed to try something new at the dinner party tonight . he saw shrimp cocktail appetizers and decided to try those . he lifted a shrimp to his mouth cautiously .  as he chewed it , his face broke into a grin .  @he was very sad .@sam liked it .
alma was at a restaurant by herself . a guy saw her by herself and asked her if he could sit with her . they started talking and realized that they had a connection . she gave him her number and they started going out on dates . @they both met at a restaurant .@a year later they were married .
tim loves to drink coffee . he goes to the same place every morning and orders the same coffee . he goes there so much that the barista already has his order made . this makes things very convenient for tim and he gives her good tips . @tim is very happy .@tim is happy to go to the coffee shop every day .
i went to the wine cellar to check on my wine . i rolled out the barrel and stood it upright . i popped off the cork on the barrel . into the barrel i plunged a cup on a string . @i screamed and screamed .@ the wine tasted delicious , which made me very happy . 
a husband and his wife are looking for a new home . they drive around their desired neighborhood to view the real estate . they find a particular house that they really like for sale . they call the number on the sign to inquire about the house . @when the police arrived , the police arrived .@they find out the house has already been sold .
kate and greg went to a little candy shop together . they looked around at their options and made their choice . they went up to the cashier and said what they wanted .  the cashier , with unwashed hands , bagged the candy without gloves .  @at the end of the day , the family had a great time .@ afraid of germs , kate and greg threw the candy in the trash . 
larry loved making music . he especially liked remixing other people 's work . he would upload his stuff to youtube . eventually he was sued by too many other artists . @he was able to get a good deal .@larry learned a lot about copyright from his experience .
tim and john decided to drive to their favorite amusement park . on the way their car started to overheat and it broke down . they found a mechanic to fix the car but it would take a day . so they found a resort with a pool and swam the day away . @the next day they went swimming in the pool .@they had more fun at the resort than they would have at the park .
i went out to a casual dinner with a group of friends . we went to a local mexican restaurant . i had nachos and a couple of beers . we talked and laughed for a couple of hours . @we decided to go to the park .@we had a great time together .
proactiv was advertising their products on television .  considering that my acne is bad , i ordered some of their products .   after several weeks , no positive effects were observed .   instead , my face caught a huge rash .  @i had to go to the hospital .@i 'll never buy proactiv again .
amy wanted to be a magician . she practiced every day . then she put on a magic show for her family . she asked them if they 'd been fooled . @they told her they could n't afford them .@they said yes !
 shannon was sad , because she lost her necklace .  she thought it might be at work or in her car . shannon looked all over for the necklace . she did n't find it in the car or at work . @she looked everywhere for it .@so shannon decided to look for her necklace at home .
sandy was at home . her home was dark . she needed light ! her friend bought her a lamp . @she took it to the repair shop .@sandy could now see in her home .
gina lost her key for the 2nd time in 8 months . last time she replaced it without her parents knowing . but she had no money to buy a new one now . gina knew her parents would be upset . @but she did n't want to leave .@so she borrowed the money from a friend .
hank decided on a new car . but he was n't sure which color to pick . he thought of how elegant white would look . so he decided to choose white . @he picked one out and brought it home .@hank was disappointed there were n't any white cars left in stock .
i sent flowers and a cookie to my wife today . valentine 's day is sunday but i sent things to her work . the flowers were roses in a glass vase .  the cookie said   happy valentine 's day .    @i was so happy .@i think she 'll be surprised and delighted by all of it .
clayton wants a car so that he can feel more independent . he begins saving more money from his job at the library . clayton researches different car types . finally he decides to buy a small sedan . @finally he finds a great car that he loves .@clayton is very happy with his new car .
horatio had always been afraid of spending time in big cities . his friends and family encouraged him to try visiting a city . finally he took their advice and booked a bus ticket to boston .  once there , horatio found boston to be fun and friendly .  @he loves his new hobby .@now horatio enjoys traveling to many big cities .
arnold was scared of frogs . one day he went out to his backyard . he started playing . he saw a frog jump out of no where . @he decided to try it .@ he jumped , startled and ran for his house . 
 all of the ross family has red hair , except henry .  henry has blonde hair that is very curly . henry 's father often teases henry 's mother about the mailman .  the mailman has blonde , curly hair , but he is very ugly .  @he decides to try a new haircut .@his dad 's teasing makes henry feel bad .
samantha had recently purchased a used car . she loved everything about the car except for the color . she took her car to her local paint shop . she got it painted a bright pink color . @she wore it everywhere .@samantha likes the color of her car now .
alex wanted to get an a in economics . it was a very tough course . he studied as much as he could . he did extra credit assignments . @he was able to get the job .@alex started a home business as one extra credit assignment .
it was a very hot day . but ivan wanted to eat chicken . so he baked some chicken in the oven . everyone else in the house complained that it was too hot . @the family had a great time .@ivan apologized and turned the oven off .
molly 's computer broke last week and she knew she needed a new one . her computer had fallen off of the table on accident . molly went to the store to look for a new computer to buy . she was n't sure which one was the best so she asked the worker . @the worker told her she had a good idea .@the worker recommended a few different computers to molly .
one day wesley 's auntie came over to visit .  he was happy to see her , because he liked to play with her .   when she starting to give his little sister attention , he got jealous .  he got angry at his auntie and bit her hand when she was n't looking . @he had to go to the hospital .@he was scolded .
greg wanted to leave the city and become a pig farmer . he thought pigs were noble creatures . he thought farming was a respectable profession . greg quit his job as a pharmacist . @one day , greg got sick .@ before long , he was a happy and successful pig farmer . 
a man made a small mark on the back of a playing card . he slid it into the deck without anyone noticing . during a game he saw the card on the top of the deck . the man made a large bet . @he lost the bet .@the man was caught cheating .
maya was walking home one night from work . she fumbled with her keys while trying to get into her car . someone began approaching her from a dark alley .  frightened , she quickly got into her car and started it .  @luckily , she was able to get it back .@maya felt scared .
gina wanted to watch a show that her siblings did n't . they refused to watch what she wanted . her mom and dad were watching tv in the living room . gina decided to watch her show in their room . @but she did n't know what to do .@gina was happy that she got to see her show .
anna and liv were in a contest to see who could a better math grade . anna studied at least 5 nights every week for the whole semester .  liv , who was much better in math , studied only three or four times .  anna received a grade of 99 and live only got a 93 . @she was so excited for her birthday .@anna was proud of her hard work paying off .
neil stared in horror at his plate . the slimy pile of eggplant seemed to stare back at him . no way could he eat that !  spying his dog under the table , he began slipping pieces to it .  @after a few minutes , the dog got sick .@neil fed the dog all of his eggplant .
cara wanted new kitchen cabinets . she told her husband . he looked at how-to videos . he decided it looked like a simple enough job . @he went to the store and bought the supplies .@cara 's husband decided to go buy wood .
the school class took a field trip to an abandoned mine . their geology teacher told them to look for interesting rocks . a girl in the class tripped over what looked to be a white rock . it turned out to be a really old dinosaur fossil ! @neil had a great time at his new school !@everyone in the class was very excited !
tanya wanted to see her sister . she took a plane . she watched a movie on the plane . she listened to music . @the music was very loud .@she arrived to her sister 's house afterwards .
my husband is lazy . he never wants to clean up . he likes to leave dirty dishes in the sink . i hate cleaning up his messes . @one day , i decided to give him a bath .@but i do it anyway because i 'm afraid he will leave me .
joe pressed the pause button . he was n't very interesting in the movie that he was watching . he began to think about everything that was wrong in his life .  too bad life has no pause button , he thought .  @he decided to go to the library .@he sighed and kept watching the movie .
john took sarah out on a first date at a restaurant .  he ordered her his favorite entree , a pork dish .  sarah took a bite and her face swelled up . she asked if there was pineapple in the dish . @it was delicious .@he said yes .
sarah did n't like the food her school served besides the burritos . so she only bought lunch when they were serving them .  but one day , it was announced that they would no longer serve them .  sarah recorded herself eating her last school burrito . @the next day , sarah 's stomach hurt .@sarah save the video .
amy wanted to make waffles for breakfast . she whipped up some batter quickly . she poured the batter into the maker . when she was eating them there were lumps of dry batter . @she decided to try them .@amy was disappointed .
a family was driving home from vacation in florida . they noticed a space museum and decided to stop . they went inside and checked out all of the exhibits .  after that , they watched a movie about space .  @the movie was a success .@the family was glad they spotted the museum .
jean was delighted to receive a pet anole for her birthday . this was the first pet her mother had ever let her have .  the next day , there was a white egg in the cage !   jean waited with anticipation , hoping the egg would hatch .  @finally , the egg grew to be perfect !@ soon , jean had two pet anoles . 
petey held the high score in the pizza parlor 's arcade cabinet . it was a campaign fighting game from the 80s . one day petey went in and the machine was gone . the staff informed him that it had broken down . @he had to call the cops .@petey was so disappointed that the game was gone .
peyton and tom played football often . tom always won for many year 's . peyton never gave up and kept practicing . peyton finally beat tom at a game of football . @tom was very happy that he had made the team .@tom was a bad sport and punched peyton in the face .
pam was in love with josh but she did n't know how to get his attention .  she talked to her friends , and she talked to her parents .  they all offered advice that did n't quite work for her .  finally , she just went up to him and told him her feelings .  @the next day , she told him that she had a heart attack .@josh revealed he was in love with pam too .
all was not a good bowler . she was lucky if her balls stayed out of the gutter . on her last frame of the day she rolled the ball . it went straight down the center . @it was the most beautiful day of the year .@all got a strike and was very happy .
roberto knew that one day he wanted to be a boxer . coaches told him he was too old to become a boxer .  however , roberto trained very hard to become a great boxer .  eventually he opened his own boxing gym . @he was happy to see his dream come true .@roberto liked to train others how to box .
eric had worked at a large law firm for 30 years . on his 68th birthday he had decided it was time to retire . his friends threw him a large party . they gave him many gifts and they shared old stories . @his friends and family loved his story .@eric then left work to go settle down .
i brought home a stray cat to my girlfriend . she always told me she loved cats . i thought i was about to get a ton of boyfriend points . i must have miss a key detail in her cat story . @i have been trying to figure out what happened .@she was mad when i showed it to her .
jane always jogged through the same neighborhood .  one day there was a big scary dog , but it was being led on a leash .   the dog got away and lunged at jane , leash trailing behind .  jane needed stitches on her arm from the bite . @she looked all over the house for it .@ after that , she decided to carry mace with her when jogging . 
susie got a baby goat at the fair . she brought it home . her mom said she had to keep it outside . susie was worried about the goat . @she decided to feed the goat .@susie loved the goat very much .
deb always dreamed of getting married and buying a large house . after she met the love of her life she was ready to start a family . deb knew that the first step was to buy a home . she quickly started to search for the perfect home . @finally , she found the perfect one .@she found a wonderful home right by her job .
there were two students named alex in the math class . one was a boy but the other was a girl . one day the teacher announced that alex had achieved a perfect test . the boy named alex assumed he was the one who had scored perfectly . @alex and alex had a great time .@ unfortunately , it was the girl who scored well . 
tom wanted an iced latte . so he went to a coffee shop and ordered one . but over half of it was ice . tom complained . @tom was upset .@they gave tom a new latte with less ice .
andrew saw this day coming . he had to quit his job . he has n't made a sale in two weeks . his boss asked him what was he going to do ? @his boss told him that he could n't do it .@andrew said that he was going to have to find a new career .
the black cat saw a small object moving in the grass . the object was fluttering and darting erratically . the cat crouched down and carefully stalked its prey .  suddenly , he pounced !  @he was so proud of himself !@the cat caught a mouse .
i played in a fantasy basketball league this season . i 've played fantasy football but never fantasy basketball before . i do n't like it as much as football because there are too many games . the season is longer and it 's basically down to pure luck to win . @i 'm not sure what i 'm doing .@i called my friend who loves basketball and asked him for help .
last week i had a small heart attack . they called an ambulance to take me to the hospital . i refused and asked someone to drive instead . i did n't want to pay for all that . @i decided to pay my rent .@i was lucky to make it to the hospital .
kyrie saw a mouse in her house .  she screamed , because she is afraid of mice .  her cat came and killed the mouse .  then , the cat tried to give it to kyrie .  @the cat did not like it .@kyrie yelped and ran away from her cat .
10-year-old billy 's uncle sent him a collectible coin every birthday . billy showed off the collection to some boys from school . one of the boys told billy he had a baseball for sale . billy really wanted the baseball . @he went to the baseball game .@billy exchanged several of his coins for the baseball .
kim 's friends invited her to the beach . but she was too embarrassed to to wear a bathing suit . kim looked at herself in the mirror and cried . kim went to the beach but decided not to go swimming . @she decided to go swimming .@kim had body image issues .
lucy was nervous during her first job interview . she answered all of the questions accurately . lucy waited for three days after the interview to contact the company . the company notified her that the job was hers . @they offered her a job as a cashier .@lucy was ecstatic !
 for months , jill was asking her parents if they could adopt a cat .   her mom and dad would always say , maybe some day .   then , for her birthday , jill asked them again , can we get a cat ?   her mom and dad responded ,   go check in your room .    @the next day , they were able to eat dinner .@ sitting on her bed was a small , grey kitten . 
ben went to the dmv to get his license . the instructor gave ben a passing grade at the end .  excited , ben calls up his father to tell him the good news .   ben father never picked up , he died in a car accident that day .  @he had to go to the hospital .@ben was devastated .
kimmy was on a trip to paris . her plane had just landed and she and her classmates her excited . they could n't wait to start seeing museums and churches ! they spent lots of time shopping and seeing historical sites . @when they were done , they had a great time .@kimmy was very excited .
colin started fifth grade at a new school . he was very shy . he thought no one would befriend him due to his shyness . but colin 's classmates were encouraging and kind . @colin thought it was a good idea .@colin made lots of friends .
my friend got me a planter as a housewarming gift . it 's small and cute and fits in nicely with my decor . but i 'm still not sure where to put it . i hope he does n't get sad . @last week he went to the doctor .@i 'm sure i 'll figure out a place for it eventually .
my wife is expecting our first child . she is glowing and i love her more everyday . she loves to post pictures of her belly on facebook . she gets so many likes and positive comments . @she decided to go to a movie .@we are happy about having a child .
bob went to the gas station to fill up his car . his tank was completely empty and so was his wallet . the cashier offered to pay for his gas if he came back later to pay . bob felt grateful as he drove home . @when he got home , he realized he had forgotten his wallet !@bob believed that there were good people in the world .
tom and casey have been married for twenty years . tom had an affair with susan . casey caught tom and susan on a dinner date . casey camped outside in front of the cafe . @when she got home , she realized she had forgotten her sunglasses .@ when they exited the cafe , casey confronted tom . 
this morning i was running late for work . i decided to get a coffee at the gas station . they only had decaf left . i was really upset while pumping gas . @i had to go to the hospital .@i decided to head to starbucks instead .
sarah was home alone . she wanted to stay busy . she turned on the tv . she found a reality show to watch . @she watched the show .@sarah then happily watched the show .
benny was a track star at his school who suffered an injury . this injury put him out of commission for three weeks . he was n't sure of he could make the comeback he needed to go to state . he put in the work every day and came back ahead of schedule . @he did n't know what to do .@benny 's team won the title .
danny never liked to eat peas . he told his mom that the peas were too slimy . one day his mom made him eat the peas on his plate . danny hated every minute of it . @he decided to take it to a local school .@danny never ate peas again .
i went to the post office yesterday . it took a while to get there since it 's on the other side of town . once i got there i mailed my letters and headed home . it 's always easier to get home than to get somewhere . @i decided to make my own .@i was so happy when i made it back to my house .
a kindergarten teacher refilled her pencil cup every morning .  by lunch , the cup was always nearly empty .  she repeatedly asked her students not to take the pencils home .  no matter how much she pleaded , the students put them in their bags .  @one day , a student came to the door .@the teacher eventually stopped putting her pencil cup out .
tom wanted to enjoy his racing games more . so he bought a racing wheel for his computer .  after some struggling , he successfully set it up .  and he had lots of fun using it . @one day he was playing with it .@tom decided to buy more racing games to enjoy the wheel with .
kevin decided to take his girlfriend ice skating . the two of them had so much fun at the rink . they held hands and skated around . one time they fell but got back up . @they had to go to the hospital .@kevin and his girlfriend liked doing things together .
my cousins kept getting sick . the doctors could n't figure out why . eventually they started testing their water . it turned out to be contaminated . @she had to go to the hospital .@my cousins sued the water company .
kimmi really wanted a new cell phone . she asked her father if he could buy one for her . he said no . she decided that she would work to get it for herself . @she went to the store and bought all the supplies .@she saved enough money to buy a cell phone on her own .
gina and tami stood in the hallway talking . gina had been tripped by a bully at recess . tami wanted her to tell a teacher . gina was n't sure if this was the way to handle a bully . @the bully did n't want to bully her .@gina changed her mind after the bully walked by and hit her .
jake needed a bunch of shirts . he went to the store but everything was too expensive . he decided to go to the flea market . they sold shirts five for ten dollars . @they decided to go to the mall .@jake bought 15 shirts .
my brother was trying to connect his glasses together . he placed some super glue over the broken spot .  however , his finger got caught in the glue .  it started to become hard . @it was hard work .@my brother freaked out .
don wanted some excitement one day .  he had never skated before , so he wanted to try that .  don found a local skating rink in town . don drove to the skating rink with his new skates . @he was afraid of heights .@don had a great time skating for the first time .
bryan took his girlfriend to the movies . they went to a comedy . he bought popcorn and drinks . they laughed a lot . @they had a great time .@brian and his girlfriend had sex after they got home .
lizzie was in her 90 's and the mother of eight adult children . one night lizzie fell and broke many bones including her neck . she never recovered and passed away a week later in the hospital . lizzie left no will as she had expected to live much longer . @when she got home , she realized she had left her key on the table .@lizzie 's children had to negotiate their mother 's belongings .
bob decided to start a business . he opened up a grocery store and was doing very well .  after a year , his profits dropped and he had to declare bankruptcy .  bob was sad to see his business fail . @bob decided to take a business trip .@bob worked hard and reopened his business .
mike liked basketball . he would always play it everyday during and after school . when the tryouts came he was ready . the coach watched him play and dribble . @he ended up winning the game .@the coach told him he 'd made the team .
neil was touring the greek islands . he had rented a small motorboat . he traveled from island to island . neil was having a wonderful time . @he could n't wait to go back !@ he loved the clean , fresh air . 
all the girls get together for book club . they read a new book each month . then meet to discuss it . after twenty minutes it turns into gossip . @she was able to get it fixed .@they have fun gossiping .
amy was playing clue with her friends . she listened to the evidence . then she reviewed her suspects . amy decided on her suspect . @she called the police .@she won the game by guessing correctly .
the rich man went to the auction . no one dared to out bid him because they knew they would lose . the rich man bought everything that was up for auction . all the other people got mad that they could n't win anything . @they ended up winning .@the rich man was hated .
opal asked her aunt for her famous beef stew recipe . her aunt reluctantly copied down the recipe . opal took it home and tried to replicate the stew . it did n't taste as good as her aunt 's masterpiece . @it was the best day of the year .@opal asked her aunt to make her some stew .
linda passed by a bakery she never saw before . and she decided to go inside . she loved muffins . so she ordered a chocolate one and a banana one . @it was delicious .@she ate them both right away !
nelly 's family was going on a vacation . nelly was very excited because she had never been out of the country . when they arrived it was raining . nelly was disappointed . @she could n't wait to see her sister !@nelly wanted nice weather .
 as a child , we had a peach tree in our backyard .   one day , my father told me we would make ice cream with the peaches .  we took the peaches and added them to sugar and milk . we took those ingredients and churned them into ice cream . @it was delicious !@ when it was finished , we enjoyed the delicious peach ice cream . 
ben had a doctor 's appointment . he was very scared . he never went to the doctor . he slowly stepped into the office . @there , he was able to get a new desk .@the doctor greeted him calmly and he felt better .
dan was excited to attend the school dance . the school dance was going to be the highlight of dan 's senior year . dan would get to show off his dancing skills at the dance .  in addition , dan would get to spend time with his friends at the dance .  @dan had a great time with his friends .@dan went to the dance and had a lot of fun .
jill was in such a rush to catch the bus that she missed breakfast .  in her first class of the day , her stomach kept growling .  she was n't sure she could make it until lunch . between classes her friend lou handed her a granola bar . @she smiled at him as he left .@jill ate it and it kept her going until lunch .
ed made beef jerky for a living . he ran the business out of his garage . one day he woke up and noticed his garage jarred open . he looked inside and noticed everything in disarray . @he found it under his bed .@ed was shocked called the police for an investigation .
john was going to the park with his dog .  on his way there , his dog saw a squirrel .   when john 's dog jerked on his leash , john accidentally released him .  john 's dog went and chased after the squirrel for five whole minutes ! @john and his dog went to the vet .@john 's dog was scolded severely .
sam has a toothache . he makes a dentist appointment . sam is very nervous . sam 's dentist is very nice and gentle . @sam 's dentist does n't like sam anymore .@sam was happy with the dentist he chose .
tom rolled his wagon . the wheels then fell off ! tom started crying ! tom 's dad fixed the wheels . @tom had a great time riding wheels .@tom 's dad was always there for tom .
jill was hungry . but it was 2 am . she tried to prepare food quietly . but she caused a lot of noise with pots and pans . @she decided to put them in a vase .@she woke up her roommate .
paulo loves the way that candles make him feel comfortable . he decided to buy some nice candles for his apartment . now paulo lights candles after a stressful day at work . it helps him overcome feelings of anxiety . @one day he met a girl named ann .@paulo likes his candles .
clint grabbed his gun and dived behind the couch . he winced as the pounding knock came again . he just knew it they 'd found him ! another loud knock and clint cocked his gun . @the police officer pulled him over .@clint shot wildly as they burst through the door .
kayla tried out for american idol . the judges told her she was n't quite what they were looking for . kayla was really bummed but moved on with her life . weeks later american idol called her . @she was thrilled .@a new spot had opened up and kayla could be in the show .
ralph 's beard has become messy and long . he decides that he needs to trim it . he carefully cuts his beard until it is neat and trim . now ralph looks much less disheveled . @he is very happy that he found a new job .@ralph is glad he looks cleaner .
simon had a kitten called tiny . tiny was mischievous and often pushed things off of furniture . once tiny pushed a glass of the table . simon 's parents walked in and saw the smashed glass on the floor . @simon 's parents grounded him for a week .@simon 's parents were mad at tiny .
david 's parents got him a bike . he did n't want one . but he did n't want his gift to go to waste .  after learning how to ride the bike , he was glad he had one .  @he rode his bike to the park .@david rode his bike every day .
 one day , i was eating a burrito when i felt a horrible tooth pain .  it hurt so bad i cried .  i called my dentist , who let me come in as an emergency .  he gave me a root canal then and there . @i told him it was a bad accident .@i left with a new crown .
walter decided he should do something to help his mother . he decided he would weed the landscaping in the front yard . he worked very hard to pull up all the stray plants he could find .  but when his mother came outside , she was not happy !  @she was so happy to see him !@walter realized he 'd accidentally been pulling up her flowers !
my aunt is a huge marine life lover . she constantly watches documentaries . my uncle decided to surprise her for her birthday . he took her whale watching . @he had a great time !@she loved it .
rory loved to eat chocolate .  one day , she went to the candy store .  she spent all of her allowance on chocolate bars . rory ate all of the chocolate on the way home . @when she got home , she realized she had forgotten her lunch !@rory got very sick and vomited all over the sidewalk .
thomas would pick on smaller kids at recess with his friends . he did this to try to be cool and fit in with his friends .  one day , thomas hurt himself badly on the playground .   his friends left him , but one of the smaller kids helped patch him up .  @after a few hours , he realized he was lost .@thomas became friends with the smaller kid .
mary decided to clean her kitchen . the floor was filthy ! she sent her kids outside to play . then she got on her knees and scrubbed the whole floor . @finally , she had to go to the emergency room .@after an hour the floor was gleaming and mary was very pleased .
amy and abby were identical twins .  when they were 8 , they decided to play a trick on their mom .  they started responding to each other 's names . they wore each other 's clothes . @they had a lot of fun .@ their mom could still tell them apart , though . 
gino has been looking for a job for weeks . one day he sees an ad for a job at a pizza restaurant .  although he does n't have relevant experience , he applies for the job .  the owner decides to hire gino . @bob 's boss gives him a raise .@geno struggles for a while but gets the hang of it .
james woke up and was in a bad mood immediately . he went too fix breakfast and burnt his toast . then went to get dressed and could n't find any socks . james decided it was a bad day and he was going back to bed . @when he woke up the next morning , he was very tired .@james woke up later and felt much better .
janet worked hard to train for her wrestling meet . when she got there her opponent seemed game . they both tried their hardest . it ended in a tie . @it was a tie .@janet was content with the result of the match .
when the waiter returned to the table the customers looked ready . she asked the woman what she wanted to eat . the woman began to speak and then stopped . she was no longer sure what she wanted . @she went to the store to buy some .@the waiter gave them more time .
jack was playing baseball in field near his home . when it was his turn to bat he swung with all his might . he was shocked to see the ball fly past the field . the ball broke the window on his bedroom . @he went to the store to buy the ball .@jack was shook up .
kenya crossed the street in order to walk towards her house . she noticed a strange scarecrow in front of the porch .  since it was n't moving , she walked past it .   however , it jumped as soon as she took her attention away .  @a few hours later , she realized she was lost .@kenya screamed .
rebecca always works very late to get all of her work done . she hopes that the company president notices her hard work . finally it is announced that rebecca will be promoted . she cries happy tears knowing that her work is recognized . @but she does n't like the way she looks .@she called her parents right away to share the good news .
the cook pushed deep into the jungle . he ignored the biting insects and sweltering heat . he was determined to find the rare ingredient for his dish . he suddenly gasped in surprise ! @he had forgotten to tie it .@he found a rare plant .
johnny 's girlfriend was sad . every day she had painful migraines . eventually it got so bad that johnny took her to the doctor . they assigned her pills to help her with her migranes . @on the day of her wedding , she was very proud of herself .@the migraines lessened their intensity .
francine was preparing for her first time on a airplane . francine has never been on a airplane before . francine conducted research to find out what flying was like . francine got several tips from the research to make her travel easier . @she worked very hard to save up for a new job .@francine then became more comfortable .
manny wanted to get better at making italian food . he learned how to make noodles from scratch . he learned how to make different sauces . he put on a big italian dinner for his family . @his family loved it .@his family loved it .
i woke up on my twenty first birthday excited . i knew that i was going to buy my first beer . i went to the grocery store with my id . i found a reliable beer and purchased it . @i bought it .@i brought the beer home and enjoyed my first legal drink !
the epps go to the ocean for vacation every year . this time they would participate in a sand castle contest . each family member worked on a different part . the littlest epps filled the moat with ocean water . @it was delicious !@the finished the castle in two hours .
shawn 's pillow is lumpy and old . sometimes shawn ca n't sleep at night . he goes into town to buy a new pillow . shawn is very excited to sleep tonight ! @he is very happy that he decided to go to bed .@shawn hopes the pillow works .
harry was excited to go on a hot air balloon ride . harry was going with his friend amanda .  harry and amanda arrived at the location , and were anxious to get on .   harry was nervous at first , but as they lifted off he was amazed .  @the next day , harry had a great idea .@he was happy he decided to go on the balloon ride .
kathy needed to get to work . the ice in the driveway prevented her from moving the car .  she tried putting salt , and sand but nothing helped .  finally a neighbor came by to help . @the neighbor came over to help .@the neighbor ended up just driving her to work himself .
jarett loaned $ 200 dollars from me . he told me that he was going to pay me back before the end of the week .  the next day , i saw him walking with tony .  he was giving her money . @he asked her out on a date .@i was very angry at jarrett .
amy worked nights at a call center . since she worked at night she recorded her favorite show on her dvr . amy was anticipating watching the new episode of her show that evening .  amy tried to watch the show , but she forgot to set the dvr to record .  @she did n't hear the show .@amy went online to watch it instead .
daniel was leaving his house to meet a good friend for drinks . he decided to stop at a chinese food shop for dumplings . daniel ate six spicy dumplings at the shop . he left feeling satisfied and full . @when he got home , he felt much better .@daniel always felt that dumplings were a good deal .
last week i tried to make my girlfriend a card . it turned out okay but she knew i made her something . i asked what gave it away . apparently i was still covered in glitter . @i went to the store to buy more .@my girlfriend was happy that i remembered her birthday .
mustafa had never celebrated christmas as he was a muslim .  one day , his boss invited him to a christmas party .  mustafa was unsure at first .  ultimately , he decided to attend the party .  @he went to the party .@he ended up having a wonderful time with his co-workers .
ed was not doing very well in science class . he knew he had to ace the exam in order to pass . he studied all week before the exam . then he did his best on the test . @he passed the test .@ed 's parents were proud .
 felipe had always wanted to try making grits , but had n't tried .  finally he asked his friend jasper to help him cook grits one day . they followed each step of the recipe closely . felipe tried the grits and they were delicious . @finally , he was able to get a new one .@felipe wanted to make grits more often .
olaf pinched every penny for retirement savings .  in fact , he literally collected up every piece of change available .  he was stingy with tips and purchases . he rolled his coins and deposited them in the bank . @he was able to get the money right away .@the bank tellers always sighed but did n't mind olaf .
gina went to the bathroom at her grandma 's house . on the way she passed the kitchen . on the table was the remains of a mincemeat pie . gina had n't had mincemeat pie in 10 years . @she had been looking forward to the whole month .@gina ate some of the mincemeat pie .
taylor spent several hours per day surfing the web on her smartphone . one day she was notified that her phone 's internet was cut off . taylor called her parents to find out what was going on . they told her they would n't be paying for her internet anymore . @she decided to go to the store .@so taylor got a job .
gina was sad . her first day of high school had n't turned out as she hoped . she spent most of the day waiting to enroll .  she was alone for most of that time , and lunch was lonely too .  @she went to the pet store and bought a new one .@when gina went home she cried to her mom .
michael had a calendar full of notes . his calendar contained a special date . one day he accidentally threw his calendar away . michael ended up missing his date . @he had to go to the hospital .@michael was more careful with his calendars in the future .
the new accountant got confused where his desk was . he found his supervisor and asked her where he was to be seated . she walked him to his stationed desk . he sat down and then asked her about the recent assignment . @she told him that she had a flat tire .@the new accountant wanted to adjust to his surroundings .
cary went to a karaoke bar and sang horribly one night . everyone laughed and made her feel sad . cary found a vocal coach in her home town . after a few lessons she went back to the karaoke bar . @she ended up singing the song .@cary was still terrible and everyone made fun of her again .
aya wanted to grow her own flowers . she bought seeds at the garden store . she planted them and watered them . soon she had little sprouts ! @she watered them every day .@aya was thrilled !
liza was surfing one day .  suddenly while paddling , she felt a sharp sting .  she looked down and gaped with shock . a shark and nipped off one of her fingers ! @she was so glad she had to leave .@liza hurried to shore .
my parents split up . my dad went out of state to work . he met a new girl . they fell in love . @they both got married .@they got married and had nothing further to do with me .
a company came to give a quote on windows . they walked around and measured all the windows . they then sat us down and went over their products . all the options looked great . @finally , i found one .@we had them start the work the next day .
tom wanted to build a boat . he went to the store to buy the wood . tom could n't afford all of the supplies . his father helped tom buy the other supplies . @tom and tom are now best friends .@tom was able to build the boat within one month .
his stomach churned as he raced down the stairs . he knew he must reach the restroom before he became too sick . he leapt down the last steps and flew past a co worker . the restroom was only feet away from him . @he had to go to the hospital .@he barely made it in time .
bradley finished his test . he got up and gave his test paper to the teacher .  the next day , he receive his paper .  the teacher gave him a d . @he told the teacher he was going to teach him .@bradley failed and was upset .
kelly was going swimming in the ocean yesterday . she had fun and loved the water . unfortunately something terrible happened . to her surprise her earring was gone . @she looked everywhere .@ it took some time , but kelly found her earring again . 
a man walked down the street on a summer day . he walked past a mail box and noticed a letter on the ground .  upon examination , the letter was addressed and stamped .  the man thought that the letter must have fallen out . @he took the letter to the police .@he put the letter back in the mailbox .
harry bought a puppy . harry and the puppy loved each other . they grew old together .  by the time the puppy was a dog , harry knew it would die soon .  @he took the puppy to the vet .@harry was very sad .
hank grew out a large beard . his friend told hank that he looked like an old homeless man with it . hank went home and intended to shave it off . he brought the razor close to his beard and paused . @when he was done it looked great .@hank decided he liked his beard .
samantha arrives at the bar for her date early . she decides to look through the magazine sitting on the bar . samantha becomes engrossed in an article about peaches . by the time her date arrives she has read all about peaches . @janice is happy that she finally got a job .@samantha was able to break the ice by talking about peaches .
tara was sick in bed all week . she missed work due to a really bad flu . tara got a surprise visit from her boss in the evening . her boss sent her cookies and a get-well card . @everyone was happy .@tara was grateful to her boss .
earl went out with his cousin jack plenty of times . earl did n't think anything bad would happen this day . but jack had a stolen car for them to ride in .  next , jack pulled into a bank and then came running out with cash .  @jack was so proud of himself !@earl was shocked as jack drove away .
david was walking home from school . he heard a tiny bark behind him . a small black puppy was following him home . he asked his mom if he could keep it . @she said yes .@his mom said yes he could keep the puppy .
my dad took me to a baseball game when i was little . he spent that night teaching me all about the sport . he showed me every position and what everything meant . he introduced me to one of my favorite games ever . @i was so excited to see him .@ now , playing or seeing baseball on tv reminds me of my father . 
last night i had the worst headache . the pain literally was lasting hours . nothing would help the pain . finally i took advil . @i had a great time .@the headache went away in about twenty minutes .
bonnie 's family went berry picking . they got so many strawberries they were n't sure what to do with them . they had strawberry shortcake for dessert every night for a week . they learned to make jam and canned over two dozen jars . @they had a great time at the party .@the jars made great holiday gifts for friends and family .
mary wanted to dress up as an angel . so she got the wings and the pink outfit . and she even wrote what she was trying to be so no one would wonder . but some of her friends as school started laughing . @gina realized she had no friends .@mary felt very hurt .
ron really wanted to get promoted at his work place . he researched different strategies to move up within the company . ron found out a higher position was created for bilingual employees . the requirement for the new position is to be able to speak spanish . @i am not sure what i should do to make .@ron was happy because he knew how to speak spanish .
shelly bought a pack of gum at the store . she chewed it so often that she fell asleep with it in her mouth . the next morning there was gum stuck in shelly 's hair . her mom had to cut out a large chunk of her hair and she looked funny . @her mom told her it was the best gift she ever had .@shelly was sad and learned her lesson .
penny went to the arcade to play his favorite game . he put 2 quarters inside the pacman machine . he played vigorously until his hands hurt . the game made a sound when he beat the last level . @he played the game for a few hours .@penny loved gaming .
kimmy loved owls . she visited a national park with her brother to try to spot them . they arrived at dusk and sat in their hiding spot . soon they saw an amazing sight . @it was a beautiful day .@kimmy saw several owls fly away into the night .
sal loved to draw designs for shoes . he would pin them up all around his workshop . one day a rich businessman came to his workshop . he saw all of sal 's designs and was very impressed . @he had a great idea .@sal was excited for his future with the businessman .
eric was having a picnic in the park with his girlfriend . eric was eating a sandwich and enjoying the weather .  all of a sudden , a pigeons swooped down and snagged his sandwich .  eric quickly chased after the pigeon . @eric caught the frisbee !@ while he chased the bird , more pigeons ran after his food . 
stella was so excited that a new family had moved in next door . she watched out the window waiting to see the new kid .  after getting out of the minivan , the new girl went inside .  but then a confused stella saw the same girl get out of the car again ! @she called the police and they arrested her .@stella wondered what was going on .
todd was tech savvy . he always had the latest of every gadget . he went to the local electronics store to browse . he eyed a new drone model that was just released . @the dealer told him it would be a hit .@he bought the drone .
jordyn 's family goes on vacation every summer . they always choose a different place each year . this year they are going to disney world . jordyn has wanted to go to disney for many year 's . @she decides to go to the zoo .@jordyn wants to meet mickey mouse .
we all went on vacation to vermont . we went to different maple syrup farms . we tried different cheeses at cheese factories . but our favorite part was the trip to ben and jerry 's . @they had a great time .@we all love ice cream .
ray was camping . suddenly he heard a scary noise in the middle of the night . he peeked outside his tent . it was a huge bear sniffing around ! @the bear ran away .@ray hoped the bear would n't find him .
rachel loved to sing . her parents and friends told her she was good at it . rachel uploaded videos onto youtube of her singing . people said she was off key and terrible . @she did n't know what to do .@rachel ignored their cruel comments .
ida really wanted hardwood floors in her living room . she worked overtime often to save up the money . then she shopped for the flooring and had it installed .  when she saw her new hardwood floors , she almost cried .  @luckily , she was able to get a new one .@ida thought the hardwood floors made her house feel like a home .
my sister in law had only four teeth . she did not see a dentist for years . last month her teeth started bothering her . she had her teeth pulled . @she had to go to the dentist .@now my sister-in-law has to use dentures .
jon just broke up with his girlfriend . he was feeling quite depressed . he called up his friends for support . his friends came to pick up jon . @jon was scared .@jon spent the rest of the night with friends .
jimmy wanted to get some work experience as a senior in college . he applied as an intern to a construction company nearby . he really enjoyed working for them and was offered a position . jimmy accepted the position as a full-time employee . @jimmy was hired for the position .@jimmy was very happy to have a job right after graduating .
ray was cooking pork chops . when he was done he shouted to the family . no one ate the pork chops . ray was sad . @he decided to take a break .@ray threw his pork chops in the trash can .
 when rick was 6 , his father gave him an allowance .  rick had to clean his room once a week to get the allowance .  the first week , he forgot to clean his room .  he cried when his father did n't give him an allowance . @his father did n't care because he did n't have a bike .@rick learned a valuable lesson that week .
frank opened his present . it was a shiny red wagon . he started to cry . his father explained that he 'd once gotten one as a gift . @the father was very impressed with his decision .@frank was very grateful for the gift .
the soccer game was tied 3 to 3 and there was a minute left to play .  julie had never scored a goal yet , but knew today would be her day .  ashley passed her the ball and this was chance .  she kicked as hard as she could , and the ball soared into the net .  @the other team won the game .@julie 's first goal won the game .
i did not drive until i was 26 . i lived in the city and used bikes or mass transit . my brother urged me to get a driver 's license . i took courses and passed the road test . @i was very nervous .@i find driving much more convenient than bikes and mass transit .
molly loves popcorn . she eats it everyday . on molly birthday her mom took her to the popcorn factory . they took a tour of the factory . @they had a great time .@molly had a great day .
tim rented a car to visit his ill mother . tim 's mother was in a nursing home in detroit .  while on his way to the nursing home , tim was in a car accident .  the tow truck driver offered to drop off tim at the nursing home . @tim had to go to the hospital .@tim was very thankful .
i 'm waiting for a payment to come through the mail .  after several weeks , nothing came through the mail .  a few people knocked on my door . apparently they have the mail with my payment . @i called the company and they said no .@i was relieved .
rich had worked in the woods for years . he spent most of his days alone and his nights drinking . as he got older he realized his lifestyle needed to change . he went to alcoholics anonymous and sobered up . @there was a lot of people there .@rich was successful in alcoholics anonymous and became a sponsor .
omar was walking his dog in a new neighborhood . then he realized he had gotten lost ! omar was afraid . he retraced his steps carefully . @finally he found the perfect one .@they made it home safely .
dana thought his girlfriend 's roommate liked him . but tonight he found out how much . he showed at his girlfriend 's home and her roommate opened the door . she sat next to him and then put her feet in his lap . @she was so happy to see him !@dana felt flustered and pushed her feet away .
june was three year 's old and was a picky eater . her mother was fed up with her daughter being so picky . that evening her mother served june her food . june threw the food on the floor and her mother sent her to bed . @the next day , her mother told her to stay in bed .@june cried herself to sleep and woke up hungry in the morning .
janice was excited to bring cupcakes to her work for her birthday . she worked all day on making the perfect frosting . each cupcake was truly a work of art . everyone at her work loved them . @one day she decided to buy a new one .@janice was thrilled and happy for the rest of the day .
ally and jill went for a walk . it was cold outside and it started to snow . they were far away from their house and started to get very cold . they decided to knock on a stranger 's door for some help . @the stranger ran out of the car and began to cry .@the stranger offered them hot chocolate .
last night i was trying to bake a casserole . i decided to have a cup of wine while i waited . one cup turned into three and then more . before i realized it i fell asleep . @when i woke up , i realized i had forgotten my homework !@ by the time i woke up , the casserole was burned . 
there was a black widow hiding in my shoe .  when i tried to put the shoe on , the widow stung me !  i began to feel intense pain and sickness . my mom called the ambulance and i was rushed to the hospital . @i was rushed to the hospital .@they immediately gave me anti-poison drugs .
i was at my friend 's house last week . he left to the bathroom and his mom entered the room . she told me i was cute and started flirting . i told her i was n't interested . @she told me that she was n't interested in me .@his mom left .
missy bought a ticket to the carnival .  she went in and looked around , open mouthed .  she loved all the games and rides ! she spent the whole day having a great time . @when she was done , she had a great time .@missy decided to go back to the carnival the next day .
gwyneth 's family was hosting a foreign exchange student . he was from algeria and had never seen snow .  one day in december , they awoke to see the ground covered in snow .  he was delighted and ran outside in his shorts to jump in it ! @he was so happy to see his boots were gone !@he was very happy to see snow for the first time .
jim bought a frozen pizza from the store for dinner . he got home and threw it into the freezer . when he went to cook it he realized it was ruined . he went back to the store and exchanged it for another . @when he got home he realized that he had left his wallet at home .@jim cooked the pizza as soon as he got home .
anna and jessica were best friends for most of their lives .  one day at school , jessica heard anna saying bad things about her .   when jessica confronted anna , she lied about it .  jessica knew she could not trust anna . @she decided to go to the doctor .@jessica was sad that she had lost anna as a friend .
molly wanted a new outfit for the first day of school . she did extra chores to save the money to go shopping .  at the store , she found an outfit she thought looked unique .  she excitedly dressed in the new outfit and headed to school . @on the day of the test , she was very nervous .@everyone complimented her on her choice in clothing .
tia went out to a bar one night with a guy she 'd just met . the unscrupulous guy drugged tia 's martini when she was n't looking !  poor tia , unsuspecting , drank the martini and became very groggy .  she remembered nothing until she woke up naked the next morning . @she had to go to the emergency room .@she went to the police and filed a report .
mary took her son todd to the library one morning . they participated in the children 's story time .  after the group read some books , they did a craft .  todd created a fun mobile to take home . @after a few months , todd was able to retire .@todd told his mom that he wanted to go again .
steve decides to have an easter egg hunt at his house this weekend .  he buys a dozen eggs , colors them , and hides them in his yard .  steve announces the hunt to all of his friends with kids . everyone has a great time at steve 's easter egg hunt . @this year steve has a big easter egg hunt .@steve is proud of his egg hunt .
sheena mocked her sister 's fear of expiration dates . she slurped down the yogurt that was two days past the use by date . she felt the sickness hit her as she drove home . she barely pulled over in time before she threw up uncontrollably . @she had to go to the emergency room .@sheena felt terrible .
gina had done everything she could think of to beat the heat . and it was only noon . the sun was still high in the sky . she decided she needed to go where there was air conditioning . @she decided to go to the park .@she went inside a nearby cafe .
the other day at the clinic i had to help put a dog down . he seemed really sad and lonely . like he knew what was going to happen . as we laid it down and it took its final breaths it stared at me . @i had to go to the hospital .@ i stayed calm , but cried after we were finished . 
ian was continuously late for work . he almost always showed up 20 or 30 minutes late .  his boss let it slide at first , because he was a good worker .   eventually , his team decided to get in a new alarm clock .  @the next day , he woke up with a terrible headache .@he finally was able to be on time .
 jane wanted to get healthy , but cleanses were too harsh .  she bought a green juice powder online . she drank the drink everyday for 2 weeks and ate lightly . although it was tough jane stuck with it for a month . @jane ended up going to the hospital .@jane had discipline .
jon decided to go to the pawn store . he found a bornite-coated chalcopyrite crystal . he bought it for three thousand dollars .  later , he figured out that he was scammed by the pawn clerk .  @when he got home , he realized that his wallet was gone .@jon was extremely upset that he had been scammed .
tom was spending too much money on bottled water . so he decided to buy a water filter for his kitchen faucet . it was expensive . but it would save him money in the long run . @one day , he was running late .@tom enjoyed the taste of the filtered water .
dan flew out to spain because he was in love with a girl . it was someone he had corresponded with on facebook .  dan and the girl met over drinks , and dan fell even more in love .   at the end of the date , the girl told dan she was n't interested .  @he asked her out on a date .@dan became depressed for a year .
 billy was 6 , and just learning to read .  his parents took him to the library . billy was amazed how many books there were ! they stood in line for his library card . @when he got to the front desk , he realized he forgot his wallet .@billy picked up several books to take with him .
bill was working all day at the office .  it was so busy , they made bill skip lunch .   after bill 's work day ended , he looked for a place to eat .  he found a red robin right around the corner . @when he got home , he realized that it was a stray bird .@bill enjoyed a burger there .
eric was helping his dad clear a wooded area . they were going to put a picnic table there . all of a sudden he was swarmed by bees . he had accidentally disturbed their nest . @all of a sudden , he heard a loud bang .@eric got stung by many bees .
bertha wanted to get a haircut .  however , she was undecided on how to cut her hair .  bertha had a idea to go to a wig store . at the wig store bertha tried on different wigs . @she was surprised when she found out she had a flat tire .@bertha bought a bright red wig with frosted blonde tips .
tim was making pizza . it was for the family . however all the ingredients were gone except the dough and the sauce . he nervously put bananas on the pizza . @then he thought of a great solution .@tim 's family pretended to like the banana pizza .
kyle had always loved spending time in his local library . he loved to be around old books . one day kyle saw a sign that advertised an open job at the library .  when he interviewed for the job , it was clear that he would be great .  @on the day of the interview , he was nervous .@kyle got the job .
he did n't know how the television worked .  he tried to fix it , anyway .  he climbed up on the roof and fiddled with the antenna . his foot slipped on the wet shingles and he went tumbling down . @he fell and broke his ankle .@ thankfully , he recovered . 
eddie 's dad took him to a wrestling show . eddie loved the whole show !  afterwards , he got a wrestler 's autograph .  he decided wrestlers were the best guys ever . @one day , he decided to go to the bar .@eddie had the best day with his dad !
sarah was at home when her power was shut off . she had no money to pay the late bill and fees . she contacted a charity in town . she explained the situation . @they gave her a refund .@a charity gave sarah money to pay her power bill .
angie 's baby shower was set for this friday . the weather was supposed to be beautiful .  once friday morning came , the sky started to darken .  angie was so afraid that it would rain because it was outdoors . @she thought it would be a good idea .@ luckily , it did n't rain . 
theo played his drums everyday for the last three years . he had been feeling like he needed to take it to the next level . he decided that finding a band to join was his best option . after looking online around he finally heard of a good choice . @he found a great deal and bought it .@theo set up an audition .
it was the annual school amusement park trip . amy was excited about the water rides . she waited in line to go on the log water ride the flume . when her log reached the top of the drop she became afraid . @her mom took her to the emergency room .@ as she descended , she screamed with terror and joy . 
sam is having his family over for thanksgiving . he got up early and put the turkey in the oven . he worked hard all day prepared all the different side dishes . his family arrived just as the turkey came out of the oven . @when he opened the oven , he noticed that the oven was empty .@sam was excited to serve the food .
it wo n't stop snowing . all the roads are blocked and it 's freezing outside . i 'm afraid we 'll lose power and freeze in here too . there 's almost no food left and most stores are closed . @they decided to go to the store .@i 'm worried about the weather .
tom was making some pasta . he boiled some water . he left the kitchen to answer an important phone call . when he came back there was water all over the ground . @he had to go to the hospital .@he turned off the stove and cleaned up the kitchen .
the sullivans decided to go to the country fair . it was their first as a family to such an event . there were so many things to do ! the family split up and each of them did what they wanted to do . @they ended up having a great time .@the sullivans had a memorable time .
phil wanted to make steaks for dinner . he went to the local butcher shop to get some meat . the guy working behind the counter was really informative . he helped him pick out the perfect cuts . @when he got home , his wife was very happy .@phil thanked the guy behind the counter .
john could n't wash his clothes because his washing machine was broken . john did n't know how to fix washing machines . he bought a book to tell him how to repair it . he changed the fan belt . @he was so proud of himself !@ when he plugged it back in , it worked . 
shane and john were best friends at school . shane was caught stealing and got suspended from school . john was not allowed to be friends with shane anymore . this bothered john greatly but his mom explained the reasons . @the next day , he told john that his mom was sick .@she explained that shane was a bad influence on john .
kristie 's church was going on a mission trip to alaska . kristie really wanted to go . it was very expensive to go . kristie worked at her job every chance she got . @she was very proud of herself .@her boss took up a collection to help her out .
neil was visiting scotland .  he was backpacking , so he had little money .  but then he found a city called glasgow .  there , he found cheap hostels and inexpensive food .  @he bought the food and went home .@neil had an excellent vacation .
tom always wanted to see a moose . tom decided to go to maine where many moose live . tom saw a moose while driving on a back road . tom tried to take a picture of the moose and fell out of the car . @he ended up falling on the ground .@tom scrambled back inside the car when the moose charged .
cho wanted to do well in school . so he started a study group with his friends . he studied hard every weekend . his grades began to climb up . @he eventually became a professional pilot .@eventually he started getting great grades .
pam thought her front yard looked boring . so she decided to buy several plants . and she placed them in her front yard . she was proud of her work . @but she did n't know how to do it .@pam was satisfied .
bill wanted to play baseball today . he called several friends to coordinate a time . his friends agreed to play at six o'clock . at the field they began warming up . @then they took a break .@bill and his friends then had fun playing .
barry was throwing the ball at his house . he accidentally broke a window . he cried because of all the damage . his father decided to help him fix the window . @the next day , his father bought him a new car .@barry and his father spent the afternoon fixing the window .
mike was very sleepy and hungry . but he had to stay up to finish work . he thought eating food would help him stay up longer . so he put some bread in his toaster . @but when he got home , he realized he forgot his toaster .@when it was done he put in some butter and ate it .
i heard that dog parks were good for dogs .  one day , i decided to get my dog and go to the park .  i put my dog on a leash and got in the car . we finally arrived at the neighborhood park . @we went to the park .@ my dog seemed to really enjoy the experience , so we went more . 
gertrude has always wanted to visit atlanta . finally she decides to make her dream trip a reality . she spends several days seeing the sights in atlanta . gertrude loves trying the local food and seeing musicians perform . @she is very happy that she finally got a job .@gertrude wonders if she could find a decent job in atlanta .
 when mark was 7 , he got a pair of glasses .  he loved the glasses because he could see clearly . he went to school and other kids made fun of him . mark stopped wearing his glasses . @he was wearing his glasses .@mark was embarrassed .
sara decided to go for a run . she laced up her sneakers and headed out the door . as she was jogging down the street she slipped on some ice . she badly injured her leg . @she was very sad .@sara stood up and limped back home .
gina had been working on a report when her friend called . gina did n't have a lot of time to finish the report . but when her friend suggested they meet at the park she agreed . gina figured she still had a whole day and a half to finish the report @she did n't finish the report .@ when she got home from the park , gina was too tired to work . 
kori was taking a science class . she had a test coming up . she studied very hard for her test .  the day of the test came , and she had no problems taking it .  @the next day , she received an f on the test .@kori scored a b .
trudy went for a job interview . she answered the questions they asked and showed her resume . they discussed her wage if she were hired and her hours . she was happy with this . @she was very happy .@trudy was called and told she got the job .
maddy was always used to seeing old man joe . she thought of him a sort of watchman . each morning when she passed him she 'd give him a dollar .  sometimes , she 'd even bring him some coffee or a bite to eat .  @one day , she decided to make him a cup of coffee .@joe was grateful .
i smoked since i was twenty years old . last year i decided to quit . it was hard not to smoke the few months . it got easier to stop everyday . @i was able to get a better job .@eventually i stopped smoking .
last night jack went on a blind date . when he arrived at the restaurant a he heard someone yell his name . he spotted a blonde waving from across the room . she was nothing like the photo she sent . @when she was done , she was very happy .@but he figured he would try to make the most of it .
 one day while driving home , marsha heard a loud pop .  she got out of her car to investigate the cause of the sound .  sure enough , marsha noticed that her front tire was deflating .  marsha realized the tire had been punctured with a rock . @she called the auto service .@marsha began to replace her popped tire .
ana was driving home one night . then she saw the check engine light on her dash .  worried , she pulled right into a mechanic 's garage .  the mechanic examined ana 's car for her . @she called the mechanic .@the mechanic told her the light was just malfunctioning .
julie was a scientist who worked for a university . she received a call from another professor . the professor asked her to be part of his expedition to the jungle . julie found a flower that she had never seen before . @she went to the store and looked around .@julie got to name the new flower .
it was getting dark .  amy knew she had to get home , but she hated to leave ben .  he hugged her goodbye . they agreed they would meet at the same time next week . @they had a great time at the movies .@amy was looking forward to it greatly .
henderson had dreamed of having a small coffee shop . he started saving up his money to open a shop downtown . finally it was the day to open his new shop ! henderson had many customers on his first day . @when he arrived at his new home , he was exhausted .@henderson 's coffee shop was very successful .
sandy went into the kitchen to get something to drink . she kept hearing a rattling by the stove but could n't see anything . she opened the fridge to get the pitcher of tea . about that time out pops the mouse from the stove . @the cat was very upset .@sandy screamed and ran !
janey was having trouble seeing well . she made an appointment with the eye doctor . the doctor said she needed glasses . janey picked out the frames she wanted and then went home . @when she got home she realized she forgot her sunscreen .@she could n't wait to get her new glasses .
last week i lost my phone . i looked everywhere for it . after a few hours i had a good idea . i figured i would call it . @thankfully i got it fixed .@i found my phone under the couch !
every morning i start my day off with a half an hour of reading . one morning i was too late to work and missed my reading time . it left me thinking of nothing more than reading the next chapter . eventually i was able to take my first morning break . @i went to the gym with my friends .@i immediately dug into my book .
sam 's siberian huskies dig huge holes all over the yard . he decided to give them their own place to dig . he sectioned off an area with bricks . sam made a habit of burying treats and toys in that area . @one day , sam forgot to put the dough in the oven .@the dogs love digging in their hole .
my brother and i saw 2001 a space odyssey in 1968 . we cut classes to watch the movie . we went to a special cinerama three screen theater . we enjoyed the movie and talked about it afterward . @the next day we went to the movies .@my brother and i have so much fun we made plans to go again .
barbara had a problem with her ex-boyfriend . sometimes he would come by her house asking for a date . she would tell him no but he still continued to do it . eventually her boyfriend got fed up and told him off . @he did n't know what to do .@he stopped coming around .
randy wanted to buy a house very badly . he spent years saving his money .  after a decade of saving , he had enough for a down payment .  randy got approved on his mortgage and bought his home . @he was able to pay off his credit card debt .@randy was thrilled !
laura found a stray kitten walking along her porch . laura fed the kitten some cat food . the kitten was really hungry ! laura nursed the kitten to good health . @laura named the kitten fluffy .@laura bonded with the kitten .
i had to write an analysis paper for english . i read the source material over and over . i thought about it very hard .  then , i wrote my analysis paper .  @then , i went to the library .@i put a lot of effort into the paper .
two bowling teams were set to play a game against each other . the one team all took out their balls and polished them . they got their balls to shine intensely . the lights of the alley bounced off the balls . @the ball hit the ball and the ball bounced off .@the balls looked amazing .
neil took a ferry to the island of sicily . the wind blew his hair as he watched the waves .  soon it docked , and he stepped onto the island .  it was so breathtakingly beautiful ! @she was so happy she had a great time !@neil enjoyed sicily .
eric was shooting hoops in his driveway . all of a sudden it started to rainy . eric slipped on a puddle in his driveway . he fell down and scraped his elbow . @he had to go to the hospital .@eric started crying and went to find his mommy .
steve was extremely excited to go see the new star wars movie . he bought tickets months ahead of time to see the premier . he avoided the internet to stay away from any spoilers .  the day of , steve arrived early to get the best possible seats .  @when he got there , steve had a great time .@he absolutely loved the movie and the wait was well worth it !
mark decided that he wanted a new puppy .  excited , he drove to the animal shelter .   once there , he wandered around and looked at all of the cats and dogs .  a golden lab caught his attention . @the dog bit him .@mark adopted the lab .
my brother and i went bowling in 1963 . there was a bowling alley on washington street in boston . they had only candlepin bowling . my brother beat me in 5 games . @i decided to play with him .@i vowed to beat him the next time !
greg was a messy person . and he ate every meal at his computer desk .  one day , he spilled soda all over his keyboard .   when it was his birthday , a friend bought him a new keyboard .  @bob was very happy with his new keyboard .@greg decided not to eat at his computer desk anymore .
kay was shopping online for an art set . she found one she liked due to its reasonable price . kay looked at the product reviews for the art set . twenty of twenty reviewers noted that the pens in the set leaked . @the next day i received a letter from my boss .@kay did not buy the art set .
collin likes to dress up . one halloween he decided to wear his costume to the office . collin 's boss did not permit costumes to be worn in the workplace . he received a write-up . @it was a lot of work .@collin was upset with his boss .
tony had a job interview ! he got his suit ready ! he forgot how to tie a tie ! he quickly called his dad ! @his dad helped him find his dad .@his dad walked him through how to tie the tie .
danny bought a new shirt . he wore it to school the next day .  as he was eating lunch , he spilled mustard on it .  he scrubbed it off very hard . @after a few seconds , he fell asleep .@the mustard came out and no one was the wiser .
greg had seeds for tomatoes . he planted them in his garden . he watered them every morning . he was sad that nothing happened . @he went to the doctor .@greg realized the garden was not getting sufficient sunlight .
lloyd has had the flu for a week . he has n't gotten much better . he 's old and ca n't fight it off as well . he does n't think he will make it . @he decides to make it himself .@his doctors save his life .
calling people at night is risky .  if you call after nightfall , be prepared .  i did this the other night and got yelled at . i did not like that so i hung up . @i decided to go to the movies .@now i only call people in the afternoon .
paul put money in the bank ! he wanted to save a lot ! he really wanted to take money out too ! he decided he should save the money . @he saved up enough money to buy a car .@he saved for a year and never spent any .
kelly was super excited for the new drawing at work . she was hoping she could win the new ipad . she put her name in and crossed her fingers . luckily her name was picked . @kelly was happy .@she was happy she won .
bon had been writing his pen pal luc in france for months . then luke said his family would be visiting america ! bon was so excited that he would get to meet luc in person . his parents agreed that luc and his family could visit their home . @on the day of the parade , the family went to the park .@bon and luc had a great time in america .
we were tourists in italy and had just flagged a cab down . we climbed into the small foreign car and told the driver where to go . the cab jetted off like a shot as it sped up and down the steep hills .  it felt like a roller coaster , and ace of bass blared on the radio .  @when the song was over , it was a great time .@we felt very unsafe with the driver 's speed .
jan 's baby was born premature . she had some health difficulties . the doctor said that she needed to wear glasses to help her eyes . he prescribed special glasses for premature babies . @the next day , the glasses were gone .@the glasses helped .
sam opened his email to a new insurance premium . he quite literally spat coffee when he saw the final tally . he steamed that the jokers had raised his rate by $ 50 ! sam spent the whole day shopping around for a new insurance broker . @sam was able to get his new car after all .@he found one that offered the same coverage for $ 80 less .
mike was in charge of the local flea market . a man called him and asked for a spot at the market . mike told him it would cost $ 40 to set up a table . the man on the phone tried to bribe mike with some of his wares . @the man thanked him and thanked him .@mike hung up on him .
polly planted crocus bulbs with her grandmother . grandma told her that they would bloom in early spring . there was a late snow that year . but the crocus were not to be deterred . @gina had no idea what to do .@they bloomed right on schedule .
brenda wanted to learn how to swim . so she took swimming lessons at a local college . her instructor noticed that she had potential . and he encouraged her to join a swimming team . @she practiced every day after school .@brenda started to compete after joining the team .
paul was embarrassed by his bad skin . he had been troubled by acne for a long time . he realized it was causing him to be antisocial . he made an appointment with a dermatologist . @the dermatologist gave him some medicine .@paul went and started noticing improvements .
naomi and andy were riding their bikes in downtown sf . naomi heard a loud crash and turned around to look at andy . andy had swerved away from an oncoming vehicle and into a trolley . on impact andy was flung over his handlebars and landed on his wrist . @he was rushed to the hospital .@andy 's wrist was broken .
ala went to the park . there she saw a few of her friends . they challenged her to a game of frisbee . ala accepted the challenge . @she ended up winning .@ala won the game .
dana could n't find her car keys this morning . she looked everywhere . she examined each room carefully . she finally signaled a sigh of relief . @she was able to get it fixed .@dana found her keys in her back pocket .
 tam , the star of a popular musical came down with laryngitis .   her understudy sal , would have to perform opening night !  sal gave a wonderful performance . the director made saul the new star . @he took the star to the fair .@saul 's career took off .
heather decided to call her grandma on her birthday . she dialed grandma 's phone number . the phone rang . grandma answered the phone . @the phone rang .@hearing from heather made her day .
stella twisted her ankle in a basketball game . it was a painful injury . she would n't be able to play for at least 6 weeks . there was a recruiter coming to her school next week . @she studied very hard .@she was devastated .
it was very hot outside .  since it was so hot , i decided to make popsicles .  i took a mold and filled it with fruit juice .  then , i put the popsicles in the freezer .  @then , i poured it into a bowl .@the popsicles froze after a couple of hours .
eunice is interested in feeling less anxious all the time . a friend recommends she tries practicing yoga . at first eunice finds yoga very challenging . eunice enjoys yoga more after several months . @she decided to try something new .@eunice has found peace .
a man was stranded on an island . he had no idea if anybody would come to save him . the first thing he did was make a fire . next thing he did was start building a shelter . @he found a job that he really liked .@ just then , a large cruise ship passed and he was rescued . 
beth noticed things were missing from her desk at work . her husband suggested investing in a miniature camera . beth set it up and put some money in her drawer as bait . the camera captured her coworker going through her desk . @she was able to get a new one .@beth confronted her coworker about it .
jerry loved running everywhere . he ran to school and back . he ran to the store . one day there was a beautiful sunset . @it was a beautiful day .@jerry stopped running .
toni took a trip to the local fair with her family . she immediately laid eyes on a pretty balloon . the balloon was red and star shaped . unfortunately it slipped out of her hands . @it broke .@she was sad to see it go .
travis needed some fast cash . he thought about it and decided that selling his car was a good idea . travis listed his car for sale in the local paper . after only a couple weeks he found somebody very interested . @he was happy that he was able to buy it .@he sold the car and solved his money problems .
 on the first day of preschool , i sat next to a random boy .  we started talking about sports and we instantly liked each other . i invited him to my house and his mom dropped him off .  we played football , basketball , and baseball .  @we played the game for three hours .@we became great friends !
lars was playing xbox . his controller stopped working during a game . lars did n't have a car so he had to walk all the way to the store . the store was being remodeled when he got there so he went to another . @the store was out of stock .@lars was n't able to find a controller .
i was buying a magazine the other day . the price came out to more than i had . it was off by only a few cents . the stand did n't accept debit cards . @he had to go to the store .@the news agent told me to give him the rest of the money later .
he could n't believe what his boss told him . the boss told him he could leave early . somebody else would finish his work . he had not been this excited in a long time . @he decided to go to the park .@he planned to visit his friends earlier than usual .
craig just graduated high school and wants a job . he gets the daily newspaper and checks out the help wanted ads . he draws up his resume . one of the people where he applies calls him for an interview . @the manager tells him that he has a job .@he calls them back and schedules an interview .
 charles thought sherry was a poor girl , and he loved her .   sherry had been on unemployment for a year , since charles met her .   one day , sherry was very busy and savvy finding a job .  she landed a position as a loan officer in a bank . @she was accepted to the position .@charles lost interest in sherry when she became self supporting .
joan saw a tv show about coupon queens . she decided to join in this thrifty enterprise . joan 's boss found her clipping coupons instead of working . he told joan she was no longer needed on the job . @joan went to the store and bought a new car .@joan regretted her new hobby .
i used to store my unread books on the floor . today i decided to organize them . i cleaned out a row on my book case . i transported about 10 books to the shelf . @there are no books to read .@now my books are organized .
the office worker claimed she was the best multitasker in the world .  her boss wanted her to prove it , so she gave her a bunch of jobs .  the worker cracked her knuckles and began the list of jobs . the worker worked with a great flurry and speed . @the worker was very impressed with the results .@all projects were completed on time and all were correct .
eli was at a party with older kids . they decided to start drinking beer . he tried to fit in and drank some too . he got sick and threw up all over the living room . @he had to clean up the mess .@eli 's parents found out and were angry at him .
carla wanted to eat a hot dog after class . but the food truck that was usually on her campus was n't there . she found out that it moved to another location on the campus . it was such a long walk from her class . @when she got home , she was very happy .@carla decided to eat somewhere else .
patricia grew up in the 1980 's . she was inspired by the glam rockers she listened to . she learned guitar so she could be a glam rocker someday . as an adult she gathered talent and started a band . @she was very proud of herself .@the band went on to be very successful .
nancy took her son to see some of her friends . her friends decided to smoke and offered a cigarette .  although she had a baby on her , she decided to smoke .  her son ending up crying from the smoke . @she called the police .@nancy was a thoughtless parent .
tina went to the park to go on a run . it was a glorious day outside as she ran across the field . she stopped at a bench to take a rest . a butterfly landed on her hand . @the bee stung her .@tina admired the butterfly .
marcus wanted a new hat . after he checked his piggy bank he went to the mall . he went inside the hat store and tried on various hats .  after he found a hat he liked , he bought it .  @he bought it .@marcus wore the hat the next day .
malcolm was a brilliant mathematician . he wrote many books on the subject . his books were easy to read and easy to understand . the helped people around the world . @they ended up having a great time .@he found it very gratifying to share his expertise with people .
our family moved from new york to north carolina . we really missed our family and friends back home . our aunt and cousin came for a visit one weekend . we spent four days doing a lot of fun stuff together . @we had a great time .@i was sad to see them leave when they went home .
dennis was walking in the woods . he found a black lab . the lab tried to bite him . dennis showed he was a friend not enemy . @he decided he was going to join the army .@the lab and dennis became best friends .
every year i have a christmas party at my house . this year was no different . i grabbed my friends together and we had a party . i got it catered and had a dj as well . @i was so excited .@all my friends had a lot of fun at the party .
tim had just gotten fired from his job . he had no money and no place to live . he asked his parents if he could stay there . they graciously let him stay at their home . @sam was happy to have a new home .@tim was glad to have somewhere to stay .
today was moving day . unfortunately it started raining early in the morning .  since all of my things were packed , the move went quick .  we got a little bit wet ! @we had a lot of fun .@i wish he had been sunny .
lorraine decides she wants to dress up for a night out . at first she is unsure how to look especially nice . finally she decides to apply mascara and lipstick . she feels much more confident and beautiful . @she is happy that she finally got a good job .@ later on , she meets a handsome gentleman . 
stacey was going to the store . her mother told her to take an umbrella just in case . stacey said it was n't necessary . sure enough it started to rainy while she was at the store . @she went to the store and bought a new car .@she wished she 'd listened to her mother 's advice .
ana was grilling chicken for a picnic lunch outside . suddenly she had a yen for sweet fresh corn to accompany the meal . she went through the fields behind her house and picked a few ears . then she brought them back and buttered and grilled them . @they were delicious !@the corn was delicious .
tom loved burgers . he went to his friends house to eat dinner . they were having burgers made of turkey not beef . tom got angry when he found this out . @he went to the store to buy more .@tom complained all evening about the turkey burgers .
mom took us some place special today . we got to meet our new friend .  our new friend is a cute , black puppy .  we get to bring him home today . @he has a lot of fun .@but realized he needed to be potty-trained .
paul had to write a research paper for school on monday . paul sat around all weekend and forgot about his paper . he finally remembered his paper on sunday night before bed . paul sat up all night typing his research paper ! @he was very proud of himself .@paul promised to stop procrastinating .
ava and jim decided to take their little boy to the circus . they thought he 'd love the performers and animals .  but when they took him , they got a shock .  the poor little boy wailed with terror ! @but the boy did n't know who it was .@he finally calmed down and enjoyed it .
bob sorted his laundry carefully to separate out the whites . when the buzzer went off he opened the washer .  to his horror , his clothes were no longer white .  he had accidentally left a red shirt in with the whites . @when he got home , he noticed that the shirt was missing .@his work shirt was ruined .
ivy was scared to go to summer camp . but she steeled herself and got on the bus .  when she got there , she went to talk to the other campers .  soon she had made a few new friends . @her friends all complimented her .@ivy ended up loving summer camp .
timmy was on an eco-tour in the forest . he was studying bats . he set up cameras and observed their habits . after a week he had collected lots of data . @he went to the doctor and found out he had a virus .@tim could finally write his paper on bats .
while doing dishes i grabbed two tea cups with one hand . they banged together and chipped one . i picked up the chip and set it aside . the next day i glued it back together . @when i was done i was so happy .@the glue held and i drank out of the cups .
thomas finds that coffee always tastes better when he makes it . his wife has tried to make coffee the same way that he does .  it never turns out tasting the same , however .  he tries to teach her how to make it the way he does . @when she is done , he is very happy to have a new hobby .@ after several weeks of trying , she finally succeeds . 
a man breaks into a house and begins to take things .  he takes jewelry and games , some cash , and some food .  when the family comes home they call the police . the police come and investigate and manage to track him . @he was so happy to finally have a job !@the police arrest him .
jane was addicted to a soap opera . she would watch it every day . last friday was the big finale . she was glued to the screen . @she could n't find it anywhere .@jane was happy with the ending of the series .
my parents needed to buy a new television . they went to the electronic 's store . they were overwhelmed by the choices but found someone to help . he made their decision easier with his answers . @the teacher gave him an f on the test .@now they can really enjoy their favorite shows and movies .
eric 's mother made him practice piano everyday . he also had piano lessons every week . he was really unprepared for his lesson this week . his teacher screamed at him for not practicing . @he ended up winning the contest .@eric was mortified .
john was at the gym . he tried to lift too much weight on the bench . he could n't get the barbell off his chest . he was too embarrassed to call for help . @he decided to call the police .@john suffocated as the weights crushed his chest .
theodore was taking a typing class . he worked very hard on learning to type quickly . he was sure he was n't moving as fast as he should .  the day of the test came , and theodore was nervous .  @when the test came , the test was announced .@theodore passed the test .
one night tom and allie went for a walk to the general store . they had to walk along a winding highway through the woods .  along the way , they talked about their various memories and interests .   when they got there , they bought some snacks and sat outside .  @when they got home , they realized they had forgotten their wallet !@tom recalled how great it was to have met allie .
sue had a date on thursday night . they went to a movie and got food after . she thought it went well and was excited for a second date . unfortunately it 's been a week and she has n't heard from him . @she had to go to the hospital .@sue decides to forget the man .
vianna needed an entirely new wardrobe . she checked online for places where she could buy clothing on a budget . she saw that forever21 had good clothing . she saw many items that she liked . @she decided to buy some .@she placed an order online .
it ? ? ? s very quiet at night with no nurses running around the hospital . only the constantly humming machine beside my bed comforts me . the machine has become my life . life has become very simple now with an uncomplicated goal . @he decides to learn how to make his own .@i just want to survive .
jack was reading his newspaper when a black feather landed on it . he looked mystified at the feather .  he looked up , wondering where it came from .  there was a giant raven looking at him ! @he tried to ignore it but could n't .@jack was shocked .
amelia had heard that you could eat dandelion salad . she was curious . she picked a few dandelions and leaves . then she tossed them into salad and drizzled it with dressing . @the salad was delicious !@amelia ate the dandelion salad .
 reggie had never drank alcohol in his life , he was 19 .  he was doing military job training in alabama . his acquaintances invited him to a forest to drink alcohol .  he drank much and headed home with one another , none knowing the way .  @when he got home , he realized he left his wallet at home .@reggie woke up in a hay field with a bad hangover .
bob got ready for the children 's performance . he got out his makeup kit and washed his face . he applied a coat of white paint . he then drew varying colors of rings around his eyes and mouth . @then he thought of a great solution .@bob enjoyed entertaining the kids .
larry loves food . he does not know how to cook .  one day , he took a cooking class .   to his surprise , he was a good cook .  @he decided to make his own .@larry 's favorite dish to cook is lasagna .
jake used to feed the squirrels that came to his yard . he was pretty sure that he could tell them apart .  to test this , he used to give one squirrel more food than the others .   eventually , he was able to identify which one it was .  @he was able to get a new one .@jake gave the squirrel a name .
jennifer always wanted to have the birthday of her dreams . her parents surprised her with a big birthday party at the park . all of her friends and family came to celebrate her special day . she was so happy as she blew out the candles on her cake . @when the cake was done , she put it in the oven .@it was the best day of birthday she could have imagined .
yesterday i was at the mall shopping . to my dismay the alarm went on . apparently someone stole clothes . thankfully the perpetrator was caught . @kelly was disappointed .@i saw a report about the shoplifter on the news that night .
it was my first time ever playing football and i was so nervous . i had never been tackled before . i hoped it would not hurt .  during the game , i got tackled and it did not hurt at all !  @i had to go to the hospital .@ from then on , i felt more confident playing football . 
florence wanted to find something fun to do one afternoon . she decided to drive to the lake to go fishing . at the lake she met three other people who were also fishing .  although she did not catch a fish , florence had a great time .  @the next day , she went to the pet store and bought a fish .@florence and her new friends went fishing again the next day .
sarah was out with her friends . she had been watching a movie at the theater . sarah lost track of time and arrived back at home late . she missed her curfew by a few hours . @when she arrived at her house she realized she forgot her key .@sarah 's parents were upset and moved her curfew even earlier .
tim and his friends were standing on an overpass . they were chucking rocks at cars as they passed under the overpass .  usually they missed , but one time their rock shattered a windshield .  the man pulled over and got out of his car . @he pulled over .@tim and his friends ran before the man could see them .
an office worker booted up her computer . she intended to do her quarterly reports .  no matter how much she clicked , though , she could not open programs .  despair settled over her like a pea-soup fog of misery . @she was able to find her way back to the street .@the office worker knew it was going to be a long day .
old aunt margaret loved her tea pot . it had been in her family for three generations . passed down from mother to daughter . unfortunately old aunt margaret did n't have any children . @she went to the store and bought some toys .@she decided to give the teapot to her niece .
neil loved visiting romania ! transylvania was lovely even though he saw no vampires . but his favorite stop was bucharest ! the romanian capital was vibrant and lively . @martha was glad she had done something .@neil had a great time .
i woke up today and realized the plants needed water . i went to the kitchen to retrieve the pail .  after working a bit , i watered all of my plants .  it might take a day or so but they 'll look better . @the next day , they finally found it .@i hope my plants survive .
stacey 's cats were acting weird . they would run and hide randomly . she took them to the veterinarian to see what was wrong . they said both were perfectly healthy . @they decided to go on a date .@stacey decided they were just weird .
i found a cat outside one day . i took her to the boat with me . i was planning on taking her to the shelter .  however , i got very attached to her .  @she told me that she was pregnant .@i decided to keep the cat .
my dad was dating a girl . the girl had a friend . the friend liked my dad . my dad eventually started to date the friend . @we had a great time .@the first girl was very upset .
betty did n't like onions . she would order everything on a burger except onions . when she got back from the fast food place she opened her burger . it had onions on it . @it was delicious .@betty was outraged and returned it .
sue just bought a brand new computer . she wanted to play games on it . she downloaded her favorite game . she was so glad that it ran smoothly . @the next day , the bike was gone .@she had a great time .
mary was near the end of a 2 hour dental procedure . the novocaine was starting to wear off . she could feel her flesh being cut . but the dentist kept going insisting it was only pressure she felt . @she had to go to the dentist .@by the end of it she was in tears and being held down .
nita had a perfect halloween witch costume . but it was chilly out and she needed a jacket . she did not want to ruin her great costume with a plain jacket !  she asked her mom for help , and her mom made her a blanket 'cloak ' .  @the next day , her mom took her to the beach .@nita was pleased she could show off her costume and keep warm .
melanie 's smoke detector 's alarm went off every time she made toast . she put up with the annoyance for two years .  finally , one day she decided to unplug the smoke detector .   that very day , a real fire started in her apartment .  @she had to go to the emergency room .@melanie 's house ended up burning down .
joe was working at a marina . the winds started to pick up and he could tell a storm was coming . he had to take his small boat to pick up some customers at sea . the storm started rocking his small boat violently . @he got out of the car to go inside .@joe fell over the edge .
mia was making brownies for a party . she just used a boxed mix . the brownies turned out pretty good .  at the last minute , she added frosting to the top of them .  @when she was done , she put them in the oven .@now they were awesome .
kyle invited everyone he works with out bowling one night . most people could n't go but matt and john showed up . matt had never been bowling before so they had to show him how to .  after a few games , matt picked up how to play pretty well .  @matt was so happy that he played video games .@now matt and kyle can go bowling more often .
while sitting on the bus he saw her standing on the corner . her beauty was like none he 'd ever seen . as he walked off the bus he wondered if he should have pursued her . he slowly took the elevator to his tenth story office . @after a few minutes , the elevator rang .@he thought about her all day .
it had been raining for days . the water came into the house and we could n't pump it out in time . we moved up to the second floor but were afraid of the stagnant water . eventually a rescue boat came by and got us . @we had a great time at the lake .@we were relieved .
jolene was running late for work . she was speeding in her car . a policeman pulled her over . she was given a speeding ticket . @she had to call the police .@jolene was even more late .
natalie went out of her way to make people unhappy . she wanted other people to be as unhappy as her . she primarily worked with petty insults .  she made people self-conscious , and they left her alone .  @one day , she saw a girl walking down the street .@ natalie died a bitter crone , loved by no one . 
year 's ago i decided to start buying investment bonds . i completed the forms necessary for payroll withholdings . the deductions started immediately . in 2008 the economy went bust which caused the bonds to lose value . @she was able to make it to the top of the world .@i lost a lot of money .
eve wrote short stories and published them online . she did n't make any money but enjoyed her hobby .  one day , she saw an advertisement for freelance writing .  she submitted one of her old published stories . @the stories were published in a magazine .@they offered her a job .
sal scoured the jungle looking for the perfect sandal wood . he came across a perfect candidate tree ! he cut it down and brought it to his shop . the sandals made from the tree were very high grade . @the next day , they were able to get a new pair of shoes .@sal loved the smell of sandalwood .
jackie was 11 and had to get braces . she was worried about what her friends would think . she tried to hide them when she first got them . eventually her friends saw them and she was embarrassed . @she did n't know what to do .@her friends noticed she was embarrassed and decided to comfort her .
alfred had a barbecue with his friends . they all came and brought their favorite dish .  when the food was ready , everyone sat down to eat together .  the food was delicious and the company was great . @i had a great time at the party .@alfred had a great time and was happy .
cody really wanted a smart phone .  his parents said no , believing him to be too young .  cody protested that all of his friends had their own phones . his parents phoned some of the other parents . @they have a lot of fun .@his parents learned that cody had been exaggerating .
i was really excited about the jimmy buffett concert . my friend jeff was going to come pick me up at 6 in the evening .  but i was feeling sleepy , and took a little nap about 4 o'clock .  when i finally woke up it was nearly 8 o'clock at night ! @when i woke up , i realized i had forgotten my sunscreen !@i was so disappointed that i missed the concert .
this year the american idol auditions came to philadelphia .  since jen only lived 2 hours away , she auditioned for the show .  she arrived at the stadium among thousands of other contestants . jen was so nervous when she stood in front of the judges . @when she got to the stage she was shocked .@jen surprised the judges with how well she sang .
i found a flower in a field that i 've never seen before . i took out my knife and cut the head off . i wrapped the head and put it in my bag . when i was home i dried out the flower head . @it was very beautiful .@i flattened it for my journal .
harry had a big crush on mary . he asked her out on a date one evening . mary told him that she was n't interested . harry was saddened by her response . @he did n't know what to do .@he became very depressed .
john was not looking forward to his social studies class . they were learning to knit scarves to make for the homeless .  as the teacher taught them what to do , he realized it was fun .  he finished a scarf in class . @when it was time to go home , he was very happy .@john decided to make more scarves in his spare time .
fanny is new at school . she is from england . many kids do not understand her accent . this made fanny sad . @she decided to make a new friend .@fanny is having a difficult time making friends .
fred wanted to go somewhere nice with his girlfriend . he had already been saving for months to take her out to eat . he was going to take her to the most expensive restaurant in his city . he got dressed in his best clothes and went to pick her up . @when he got to the store , he realized he forgot his wallet .@he went to the restaurant with his girlfriend and had a nice meal .
my brother and i always compete at carving jack-o-lanterns . we try to see who can carve the craziest face . i carved a face comprised entirely of different-sized squares . my brother carved a face in a strange spiral pattern . @he told me that it was the best birthday ever .@my mother said she thought mine was the oddest looking .
michelle was walking down the street . then a man in a mask grabbed her purse and ran . michelle did not know what to do so she yelled at him . a passerby stopped the criminal and held him down . @the police came and arrested the man .@michelle then went on a date with the man and fell in love .
i was listening to music last night . it was a great new song . i did n't realize how loud it was . the neighbors knocked on the door and asked to turn it down . @the neighbor said it was the best gift ever .@i apologized and turned it down .
iris was supposed to bring wine to dinner . she went to the liquor store . she browsed the wine selection . then she found a great bottle of wine to bring . @she bought the wine and went home .@iris purchased the wine .
today was the day that my online project was due . it consisted of a group assignment with three other members . it was my duty to organize an informative powerpoint .  when i called them to email me their work , no one responded .  @they told me that it was a bad idea .@i was frustrated and scared about their lack of response .
harold wanted to see his favorite band in concert .  when they finally came to town , he bought a ticket .  he entered the concert hall and found a good place to stand . the band played for three hours . @when the band was done , they went home .@harold 's feet hurt after the concert .
all of the registers were full at the grocery store . joe picked the shortest line and waited . when it was his turn he threw all his food on the belt . joe barked at the cashier to scan his food quickly . @the cashier gave joe a $ 100 bill .@the cashier unhappily obliged .
john was a terrible boss . the workers decided to depose him . so they filed a complaint . despite the complaint and following lawsuit john stayed . @john was able to successfully quit his job .@john decided to be a better boss .
i had always wanted to get a puppy . i finally felt i was ready to adopt one . a friend gave me the name and number for a breeder . i visited her to see the puppies available . @she asked me if i could pick her up .@i found the puppy i wanted and brought her home .
my mom remarried when i was five . she married an alcoholic who was physically and mentally abusive . he used to make me pick out a belt so that he could whip me . one day i grabbed the belt away from him as he was hitting me . @i was so scared that i ran away .@ not wanting him to grab the belt back , i ran out of the house . 
ray looked at his monthly power bill with anger . he went around his house and began to shut off extra lights . on his second trip around the house he unplugged extra electronics . ray say in the darkness with satisfaction . @then he heard a knock on the door .@he knew his next bill would be lower .
dan made up his mind that he would buy a boat by the end of the week . he spent the first few days checking out the closest dealerships . after the third day he found one he was interested in . on the fourth day he went to his bank to get a loan . @the bank gave him a loan .@dan bought his boat and spent the whole day sailing .
janet wanted to convince her friend marge that palm reading is bunk . she agreed to undergo a palm reading with marge . the palm reader informed janet that her brother was angry with her . janet did not have a brother . @she decided to get him a puppy .@marge treated janet to dinner for trying to warn her .
stephanie went to her favorite restaurant . she ordered her usual sandwich . she bit into something crunchy and unusual .  upon inspection , she noticed the foot of a mouse in her sandwich .  @she had to go to the hospital .@the restaurant manager apologized and gave her a gift card .
the snow had finally finished falling . bobby and his friends rushed outdoors to play in it .  they made snowmen , snowballs , and sledded .   finally , they decided on an all out snowball war .  @they had a great time .@ afterward , bobby and friends were covered in snow . 
when rod was eight he wanted to be a drummer . he would flip his mom 's pans over and hit them . his parents had to put all the spoons out of his reach .  after years of wishing , his parents bought him a drum set .  @he took it home and set it up .@he was so excited to finally have a drum set .
leopold 's iguana went missing from his cage . leopold looked everywhere and could n't find the iguana . leopold thought the iguana must have gotten outside . leopold put up posters around his neighborhood . @finally , the neighbor found the dog .@leopold found his iguana under the couch that evening .
i visited harvard square in 2004 . i watched the chess hustlers play speed chess . i put down $ 5 and played a game . i played 3 more games and lost $ 15 . @i won the game .@it was a learning experience .
sally liked to skip . she skipped everywhere she went . she was skipping down the sidewalk one day . sally tripped and fell down hard . @she broke her leg .@she decided to be more careful when she skipped .
a man got very tired of being dripped on by his igloo . he built himself a new one out of dry ice . it solved his dripping problem .  unfortunately , dry ice sublimates into carbon dioxide gas .  @neil could n't wait to go back !@the man eventually died .
ava had hairy legs . she asked her mom if she could shave them . ava 's mom said she was probably old enough . ava was so excited ! @she was so excited !@ava started shaving right away .
sasha loved writing from an early age . in her twenties she begins writing a novel and finishes it . sasha decides to self-publish on amazon . her book is sold through the kindle marketplace . @she decided to sell it on ebay .@she was pleased that she sold several copies .
agatha loved to bake cookies . one day she put a batch in to bake .  however , after twenty minutes , there was no scent of cookies baking .  she went to see what had happened . @there was a mouse in the yard .@agatha found the oven was turned off .
lacey had a bunch of chickens .  one day , she realized one had laid an egg !  she was so excited until she realized the egg was cold . she asked her son about it . @he told her he was going to give her a ride .@her son had taken an egg from the ice box and put it in the nest .
tom did n't know why his internet speed was so slow . he called his cable company but there were no problems . he finally decided to buy a new router . that made a huge difference . @i was so happy that i made it to work .@tom was very happy to now be surfing quickly .
 on easter , hannah wanted to dye some eggs with her children .  the family sat around the table with the eggs and colors ready . she helped her daughter make a pink and yellow egg . she made herself a light blue egg . @then , she put it in the scarf .@hannah loved the craft project .
jessie 's friend john handed her a box of candy .  she smiled , thanking him as she walked to her next class .  midway through she opened the box for a snack . inside john had put a note asking her to prom . @he was excited to ask her out .@jessie went to prom with john .
kevin was getting ready to leave for school in the morning . but he could n't find his sneaker anywhere ! he looked everywhere with no luck at all . then he decided his dog had probably hidden the sneaker . @his mother said it was the best tie she could .@he looked for his dog and then found his shoe .
i once had to write an essay about war . i wrote it over the course of 5 days . it was difficult and in detail . it was hard to write about . @however , she did n't know what to do .@i was relieved when i finally turned the essay in .
amy saw shoes online she wanted . she went to the local mall but they did n't have them in her size . she went to another mall to find them . they also did n't have them . @they had to go to the store .@she then found them online and ordered them .
my roommate made fish for dinner last night .  unfortunately , the fish was very bad .   even still , i ate it because he had worked so hard .   when i was done , he told me he hated how the meal turned out .  @i told him that i could n't make it .@i told him i felt the same way .
becky 's grandmother had promised her a special book . it had been handwritten by her great-grandfather .  when becky 's grandmother died , her cousin took the book !  becky was very angry and wrote her cousin a plaintive letter . @she sent the letter to the principal .@her cousin then mailed her the book back .
tay ordered a pizza delivered to her house .  when it arrived , she reached for her wallet .  she saw that she had just enough to pay for it . that left no money to tip the delivery boy ! @so he decided to order pizza instead .@she apologized to him .
stevie wanted a new skateboard but did n't have enough money . he went around the neighborhood asking about odd jobs to do . he made a little bit of money but not enough for his new board .  his parents were proud of him , so they pitched in for the rest .  @on the day of the race , they had a great time .@stevie was able to buy a new skateboard .
gina waited outside the office before she had to go inside . she hoped her friends would come to see her before class began . the bell rang and the halls emptied . she went into the office and took a seat waiting to be called . @when she got there she realized she had forgotten the restroom .@she was sad that her friend 's had n't come to see her .
 one christmas , i received a shiny and expensive-looking briefcase .   the next day , i filled my new case and gathered my things .  i set the briefcase on the roof temporarily while i loaded car .  while i was driving , people were beeping at me .  @i realized that i was late for work .@i did not realize where my briefcase was .
martina was the goalie for her soccer team . they were up tied in the 4th quarter . with the time running out the opposing team stole the ball . the player on the other team kicked and scored . @the team won the championship .@martina fell to her knees and began to sob .
the baby had recently learned to crawl . she could crawl all over the living room floor . one day she crawled to the sofa and pulled herself upright . the next day she managed to pull herself up and stand for a second . @when she got home , she realized she 'd forgotten her wallet !@soon she could walk along while holding on to furniture .
jim was summoned for jury duty . he had to call in to skip work . he arrived at the courtroom . he sat through the entire trial . @the judge gave him the position .@jim was extremely bored .
charles did n't take the advice of not dating girls one works with . he began dating his supervisor . his supervisor got jealous because charles gave a coworker a ride . charles ' supervisor turned into his enemy . @his supervisor told him he 'd be fired .@the supervisor fired him .
bill bragged about the patriots all year . he would make negative posts about other teams on facebook . he would brag about every win they made . the broncos beat the patriots in the playoffs . @the team was losing .@bill thinks that the bronco got lucky .
nina was trying to quit drinking . she decided to join a support group . she went to their meetings every week . in a few weeks she was handling her cravings much better . @finally , she had enough to quit .@nina was on the road to recovery .
mary was pissed at paul for forgetting their anniversary . paul had to think quick . he decided to call his friends to help fix things . they helped him set up an amazing party and invited everyone . @he was very happy to have a party .@mary forgave paul .
bob 's uncle passed away a week ago . he got a call on a monday afternoon from a lawyer . the lawyer told bob that he had inherited some things . bob got into his car and drove to the lawyer 's office . @the judge told bob that he needed to get a lawyer .@bob picked up all the nice things that his uncle left him .
deirdra wanted to be a great blues musician . she listened to a lot of work by greats like bb king and taj mahal . she bought a guitar and tuned it for blues music . she booked a bar venue and started getting her work out there . @when she got to the bar , she was shocked to see a large crowd .@she played small venues regularly and became well known .
it was raining very hard one day .  it seemed like a bad idea to go anywhere , so i stayed indoors .  i looked for something to do . i decided to set up my painting kit . @alas , i did not have the right tools .@i began painting the rain .
ted went for a drive one day . he drove all around town and looked at who was out and about .  then , he drove to a more remote place .   he stopped , got out of his car , and ate a picnic lunch .  @he was very happy to have a good lunch .@he enjoyed the weather .
joey went to disneyland with his family . he was so excited to meet mickey mouse . when he met mickey mouse he was so excited he could n't speak ! joey finally said hi to mickey and it was great ! @joey was so happy that he had a great time !@joey had a great time .
gina 's uncle burned incense all day long . gina liked the scent . she leaned in close and took a big whiff . the smoke made her choke . @she had to go to the emergency room .@gina now knows not to inhale the incense smoke .
samantha went to the park in the morning . she went to walk her dog . her dog pooped on the grass . samantha forgot to carry a plastic bag . @when she got to the store , she noticed that the bag was broken .@samantha looked around and left .
peter was very hungry . he only had two dollars in his bank account . he decided to go to the grocery store .  luckily , noodles were on sale for less than two dollars .  @i had to go to the store .@peter bought noodles .
pam tried to trim archie 's claws . she tried holding him all different ways . he did n't want them clipped at all ! finally she thought of something that would work . @she went to the store and bought all the supplies .@pam gave archie some food in an attempt to calm him down .
larry spent a long time finding a spot to put up his hammock . he spent even longer actually putting it up . after it was up he tried laying in it .  he kept falling out , though .  @he decided to go to the store .@larry was bruised after a while .
larry bought new shoes last week . he wore them for the first time to school . unfortunately they were n't broken in and really hurt . he was in pain all day . @he went to the doctor .@he took his shoes off as soon as he could .
robert had a crush on sue . sue had a crush on robert . robert asked sue on a date . she agreed to go . @they went to the park .@ after their date , robert and sue decided to have a second one . 
i wanted to do something fun . i found an interesting movie online . i saw that it was playing in a local theatre . i decided to go see it . @when i got there , i realized i forgot my wallet .@i enjoyed the movie very much .
 miles knew his girlfriend , teresa , loved pandas .  he devised a plan to give her the perfect birthday gift . he spent his whole week making stuffed pandas for her .  when her birthday came , he gave them to her .  @they told her she loved them !@teresa was so grateful she gave miles a kiss right on the spot .
bob had to drive to his parents house to make it home for thanksgiving . there was a huge snowstorm brewing . bob ran into a pile of snow on the highway . the front bumper came off on his car . @he pulled over .@ with the bumper in his trunk , bob made it to his parent 's house . 
john was trying to hail a taxi in the rain . he was going home to his girlfriend for valentine 's day .  when he looked over , he saw his ex waiting for a cab as well .   although he could n't stand her , he agreed to share a cab .  @when he got to the car , she was shocked .@john then left and felt decent about himself .
billy really needed help with his test . he fretted all night that he would n't pass . he went to school early and his friend ash helped him .  when he got the test , he knew all the answers .  @he studied hard and passed the test .@billy passed the test .
a plumber was called over to fix a leaky sink . he took out his tools and got to work . the problem was that two pipes did not fit together perfectly . the plumber replaced one of the old pipes with a newer pipe that fit . @the plumber fixed the leak and replaced the leak .@finally the sink was repaired .
mary decided to take her husband to a football game .  when they arrived to the front , they gave their tickets away .  they sat in the second to last row in the front .  although their favorite team was losing , they had a good time .  @the coach told them that they had to wait until the last minute .@mary decided to take her husband to the game again next week .
nathaniel was an exceptionally bright child but he hated to sit still . his mother was nervous that he would struggle in public school .  after a great deal of thought , she decided to teach him at home .  in this environment he could be himself and also get a good education . @he decided to go to college .@nathaniel thrived and went on to a good university .
earl needed to buy plastic bags to put his lunch snack in . there were too many sizes of bags for him to decide between . earl just picked the biggest bag and the smallest bag to be safe . he found out that the big bag was way to big and the small too small . @he picked up the bag and put it in his pocket .@he went to the store and found a bag that worked properly .
it was graduation night for john . his parents traveled the night before to see him walk the stage . john waited patiently for his name to be called . the counsellor of his university called name and handed him his degree . @he was so proud of himself !@john 's parents were very proud of him .
jane purchase a backpack online for her teenage nephew . she was pleased to see how excited he was when she gave it to him . he hurriedly ripped the plastic wrap off the backpack . when he tried it on it was too small . @he tried it anyway .@jane was disappointed .
mike would try every year to water ski . it was always hard for him . then he committed to getting stronger . he was then able to easily do it @he had a great time .@water skiing is mike 's favorite activity .
ally 's dog met a porcupine . the dog ended up with spines in her face . ally had to take the dog to the vet . the vet pulled each and every spine out of the dog 's face . @the vet said the dog was too young for the dog .@ally 's dog was worn out for the rest of the night .
perry was at a restaurant over the weekend . he ordered a semi rare steak . when he got it he complained that it was too salty . they sent it back and gave him a new steak . @the steak was delicious .@perry was placated .
ellie went to her first concert when she was 18 .  she went by herself , because no one else shared her taste in music .   she stood at the very front of the stage , and danced to the songs .  she clapped loudly until the band came back for an encore . @when she was done , she was elated .@ellie was very independent .
it was mother 's day and jill wanted to do something special for her mom . she got up early so she could fix her mom breakfast .  everything started off well , with toast and pancakes .  unfortunately she burned the toast to a crisp . @she decided to try it .@but jill 's mother was grateful anyway .
tracy made up a story about a unicorn for her daughter . her daughter laughed when tracy told the story . her daughter wanted to write the story down in a book .  tracy helped her write it down , and she drew illustrations .  @the next day , she found out she was pregnant .@they gave the book to her dad for father 's day .
gina was at the library at school . she wanted to find books about dolphins . she looked on the shelf where she thought they would be . but there were no books about dolphins . @so she decided to go to the library .@gina went home without checking out a book .
 ever since junior college , charles has been following rules .  he never drinks and drives . but he met a girl in a bar yesterday and she wanted to drink with him . then she wanted to go back to his apartment . @she went to the store and bought a new car .@he broke his rules and drove her home .
pizza is my favorite food . we have pizza day at school every month . pizza day is a day where we eat all sorts of pizza . i ate so much pizza on pizza day i felt sick . @i had to go to the hospital .@i have decided that i will never overeat on pizza day again .
mac needed a new tie . he went to the mall . he shopped until he found the perfect tie . he took it home and tried it on . @it fit perfectly .@mac 's tie looked great and everyone gave him compliments .
about ten year 's ago i fell in love with a gorgeous man named brock . we saw each other every days for 6 months . the love of my life told me he was moving to japan for a promotion .  i was happy for him , and yet sad for my broken heart .  @i decided to take him to the doctor .@ then , brock asked me to go to japan with him . 
anna had been having nightmares . her dad put a nightlight in her room . he left it burning all night . anna felt comforted knowing the light was always on . @she decided to take a nap .@anna slept much better .
charlotte was about to board a plane to the united states . she was about to embark on 10 month journey as an exchange student . she had promised her mom not to fall in love with an american . but when she met shane it was love at first sight . @she thought it would be a good idea .@she worried that her mother would be upset .
today was lara 's birthday !  her boyfriend , george came over to her house and cooked dinner .  they watched a movie together and cuddled on the couch .  after the movie , george gave her a silver necklace .  @she thanked him and thanked him for it .@she was thrilled .
john argued with kevin . kevin owed john some money and refused to pay it back . the argument was intense and led to blows . john pulled out a gun and shot kevin in the stomach . @john and his friends went to the police station .@kevin later died in the hospital .
dylan wanted to buy a new video game . dylan asked his mom so she said no . dylan decided to do some extra cores and earn allowance . dylan worked hard and on friday his mom gave him allowance . @he did n't have enough money to buy his own .@dylan was able to purchase his new video game .
andrew owns a summer house . he goes there every year . this year he lost his job . he has to sell his summer house . @he decided to build a house .@ andrew was sad , but the money was needed . 
jim had never seen snow before . he had just moved to indiana a couple week ago . when he woke up and saw snow he was amazed . he wanted to go sled on the biggest hill in town . @he had never been on a sled before .@jim headed to the store to buy a sled .
lou decided to make a youtube channel . he posted daily video logs of his life . his fan base was growing quickly . lou was out at the mall and was recognized by a subscriber . @he asked his mom to pick him up .@lou was happy a subscriber recognized him .
dan and carol met as manager trainees at a fast food restaurant . they were sent to further training in a town three hours away . they decided to drive together to save on costs .  talking in the car for hours each way , they got to know each other .  @they ended up having a wonderful time at the movies .@ by the time they got to the training , they felt like friends . 
rob needed some suits cleaned . he went to a new cleaner that opened near his house . it was a bit pricey but he hoped they would do a good job . a few days later he got his clothes back still dirty . @he had to clean it up .@he requested to have his money refunded from them .
travis enlisted in the marines with dreams of serving his country . he was sent to a train at a base on the opposite side of the nation . travis missed his family and friends but could not contact them . he became depressed and started making poor choices . @one day , he decided to steal a sweater .@travis was kicked out of the marines .
i wanted to make hot chocolate . i took milk and warmed it up .  then , i added cocoa powder and stirred it all up .   i tasted it , but it was terrible !  @i decided to try it .@it needed more sugar !
there was this amazing salad buffet right by my house . they have the best salads with the most varieties and the best prices . i used to go there almost every day on my lunch break . i found out last week that they shut down for good . @i went to the store and bought all the supplies .@i was very disappointed to see that that restaurant had closed .
 when i was young , i approached my cousin 's dog and it bit my forearm .  the bite broke the skin and i was bleeding and ran to my aunt and mom .  when i tried to say what happened , they told me not to interrupt .   i waited patiently , holding my arm and bleeding .  @i was rushed to the hospital .@i urged my aunt and mom that there was an emergency .
ben wanted to sell his rocking chair . he had it for 20 years . he dusted it off and put a for sale sign on it . he placed it in his yard so people would see . @when he got to the front door , he saw a huge spider .@ later that day , ben sold his chair for $ 50 . 
john attended technical school and studied very hard . he got high marks on his final exams . john graduated first in his class ! he received numerous letters of recommendation from his teachers . @one day , he was able to read the bible .@he got a great job and lived a happy life .
lance was trying to pick up girls at the club . he offered a couple drinks . only one agreed but did n't pursue it further . eventually he got drunk and frustrated . @he ended up falling asleep .@he decided to take a cab and go home .
lucy 's mom took her to see her first ballet at a young age . she decided at that moment she wanted to be a ballerina . she begged her mom to let her take lessons . lucy was enrolled in her first class the following month . @she was proud of herself .@lucy was very happy to start ballet .
amy 's shorts for her volleyball uniform were too small . she had a hard time moving in them . she asked the coach for another pair . there were no more . @he decided to take a break .@amy 's shorts were uncomfortable .
last night was spent facedown on the bar . i was having a wonderful time until the tenth shot . that was about the time i realized i drank too much . i dance with a man 's wife and i kiss his mom . @we had a great time .@i was so embarrassed after the kiss .
last week 's family game night was intense . we were playing monopoly and nobody made any headway for hours . everyone was trying their hardest to win and the game kept going . it was n't until we finally decided to check the rules that we knew why @when we got there , we realized that the game was broken .@there were many different pieces missing .
a woman went shopping for a power drill . the salesman at the hardware store smelled blood . he was unctuous and condescending .  disgusted , the woman left the store .  @luckily , she was able to get it fixed .@the salesman regretted being such a cad .
nancy just came home from work . she grabbed her phone after it vibrated .  she received a message from her boyfriend , who asked her to break-up .   when she called him , he did n't pick up his phone .  @he had to call the police .@she left him a very angry voicemail .
joey loves watching the kansas city chiefs .  he went to a game this year and met andy reid , the head coach .  joey got his autograph on a football . when he came home he told all of his friends . @they all had a great time .@joey holds the football every time he watches a chiefs game .
valerie found a cat outside the restaurant she worked in . he was so thin and hungry . val took him home and fed him . she gave him a lot of love and care . @he decided to take her to the pet store .@the cat was grateful .
when audrey was a little girl she was excited to start school .  as the youngest , all her siblings started school before her .  on her first day of school she was so excited to meet her teacher . when she came home she told her mom all about her new friends . @her mom took her to the mall .@audrey was happy with her first day of school .
my day on sunday this week went as expected . my family and i attended church from 8 to 11 in the morning .  afterwards , we went to eat dinner at a restaurant .  the rest of my day was spent doing homework assignments . @when i got to class , i was very tired .@i then went to sleep feeling happy about my life .
tara was watching the baseball game . her tv started to flicker . the bulb in her television needed to be replaced . tara drove down to her local electronics store . @she purchased a pair of headphones .@tara bought a bulb .
george was taking a hot shower .  suddenly , the water became very cold .  george quickly jumped out of the shower .  shivering , he used a towel to dry off .  @when he got home , he realized that he forgot to pack his bags .@he realized that his hot water ran out .
john planted a garden last spring . he tilled the soil . the tomato plants began to produce . but crows devoured john 's harvest . @he had a great idea .@john decided to try again and work passed the crows .
cory could n't find her watch . she was wearing it yesterday . she could n't remember anything about the watch since then . she looked everywhere . @she finally found it under her bed .@but the watch was gone forever .
adam went to the park . there he ran into a few of his friends . they invited adam to play frisbee with them . adam agreed . @adam was very happy .@adam played frisbee with them .
braden wanted to be a male model . he sent in some photos to an agency . soon he got a call from them . braden was ecstatic to hear they liked his pictures . @when he arrived home , he was surprised to find his camera was gone .@braden got hired to the modelling job .
tom and his friends went hiking . but he only had one pair of shoes . they got very muddy and dirty . and he had to wear them to school the next day . @but when he got home , he realized he forgot his sunglasses .@the janitor was annoyed when tom tracked mud on the clean floor .
irene was taking part in the school play . she wanted to be an actress but she did not get any roles . so the director offered to let her design costumes .  irene accepted , and found that she loved the work !  @she was so glad she had made the team !@irene felt proud seeing her costumes on stage .
we went to hawaii this summer . i was so excited to go . the island was beautiful . i have never seen such a clear ocean . @i decided to go to the beach .@i could see fish swimming in the coral reef .
gina got on the bus and watched the door for her friend tami .  she hoped they would walk to the bus together , but they had n't .  tami had stayed and was talking to the girls who no longer liked gina . and this worried gina . @she did n't know what to do .@maybe tami would n't be her friend anymore .
gina popped her new cd single into her boombox . the first song was the one she liked . the second was a mystery to her . she listened to the second one first . @when she got to the top of the line she was amazed .@gina decided she liked it as much as the first one .
lee was hiking in the woods all day .  when he came home , he felt a weird itch on his arm .   looking down , he saw a tick stuck to his forearm !  lee quickly pulled it off of him . @when he got to the front , he saw that he had a flat tire .@lee 's arm started to bleed where the tick had been .
one day when tim turned on the faucet 's water was brown . this was happening all over the city . it went on for over a year before the national media took notice . by then it was too late . @i had to go to the hospital .@lots of people got sick .
joel inhaled deeply as his part in the jazz concert approached .  he began to play his saxophone , concentrating as hard as he could .  joel managed to make it through his part without any mistakes . he looked up into the crowd . @he had a lot of fun .@the crowd cheered .
arthur fell asleep while smoking one night . the cigarette but was still lit and fell on the floor . it rolled to the curtains and caught them on fire . eventually his whole house burned down . @he had to go to the hospital .@arthur died in the fire .
kim decided she wanted to become a vegetarian .  she was only 13 , but she knew it was the right thing to do .  except her mother refused to stop cooking meat . she also refused to cook something special just for kim each meal . @the next day , kim 's mom came to visit her .@kim decided to only eat the meatless parts of the meals .
john was much shorter than his teammates on the basketball team . he hardly got any playing time . two players were injured during the playoff game . he finally got off the bench . @he ended up winning .@john played to the best of his ability .
aaron was walking by a lake when he saw a swan . he realized that the swan was injured . aaron used bread to lure the swan to shore . he then picked it up and took it to the hospital . @the doctors told him he needed surgery .@aaron saved the swan 's life .
jim 's school was having a blood drive . jim decided to volunteer . a nurse pricked jim in the arm . the entire process took an hour . @finally , she was able to finish the project .@jim felt proud .
max had been dating maddie for three year 's . he had never met her family . he felt very suspicious and told maddie he wanted to meet them . maddie was worried because she had a secret . @one day , she decided to make her own dinner .@maddie wondered how max would react to her two dads .
 my friend texted me , wanting to hang out friday night .  i wanted to take her out for dinner .  when i tried to contact her on friday , i got no reply .   despite the change of plans , everything turned out great .  @one day , he decided to go to the store to buy a new one .@i met up with another friend and we enjoyed ourselves .
 amy and ben were young , and in love .  they were sitting on the swings in the park together . ben reached over and grabbed her hand . she was surprised and pleased . @she had a great time .@she leaned over and kissed him .
i went to the park to play frisbee with my dog . i tossed the frisbee to my dog and he would catch it in his mouth . i accidentally threw the frisbee too far . the frisbee landed into the pond . @i threw the frisbee away .@but my dog went and got it .
ivy needed a way to feed her family on thanksgiving . she entered into her local grocery store 's raffle for a turkey . she submitted her receipts every week with her phone number on them .  a week before thanksgiving , ivy got a happy phone call .  @she was very excited .@she had won the drawing and the turkey was hers .
mark and andy worked at a pizzeria . they both loved to make pizza . one day they decided to open up their own pizzeria . the pizzeria became very busy and profitable . @he decided to sell his money .@their business became a success .
i rescued a kitten from the pound .  he was adorable , sweet , purebred and free .   the first morning he started acting ill , not eating and listless .  the vet ran a myriad of tests and found several things wrong . @the vet gave the dog a bath .@i was sad my kitten was so ill .
it was a cold winter night . the roads were slippery . jim was driving home from work . he lost control of his truck . @he had to go to the hospital .@jim ended up in the hospital .
james noticed his cat 's belly was getting way too big . he took his cat to the vet . the vet told him that his cat had tapeworm . james got tapeworm medication from his drugstore shortly afterwards . @james felt much better afterwards .@james 's cat started getting better shortly after .
trisha 's son got sick last night at eight . he vomited all over her and the floor . trisha cleaned up and changed his clothes . he continued to be sick over and over again . @he decided to go to the doctor .@trisha made the child sleep on the kitchen floor with a blanket .
buttons is a black cat with a lot of soul . he always struts around like he owns the place . even strangers admire his tenacity . as though he was a lion in a past life . @the lion was a lion .@even the neighborhood dogs stay out of buttons ' way .
 yesterday , pat was on a hiking trip with her girl scout troop .   while they were eating lunch , her friends were playing around .  one of the girls grabbed her phone and threw it into the lake .  the girl was reprimanded for her action , but pat never found her phone .  @pat had no idea where she was .@pat never talked to that girl again .
rainy fell upon the streets in gentle waves . matt watched from inside his house as water rose . he was afraid that the area around his house may flood . he and his family began moving things upstairs in case . @suddenly , they heard a loud noise .@they storm passed without any flooding .
max is arachnophobic . one day max spotted a palm-sized spider on his wall . max got real nervous and did n't want to squash it . he started brainstorming ways to get rid of it without . @eventually , he decided to sell it .@he called his neighbor and asked him to remove the spider .
kyle hated the bologna sandwich his mom had given him for lunch . he looked around to see what his friends had . his best friend had peanut butter and jelly ! kyle asked if they could trade . @they said they could n't agree on a boat .@he was happy that his friend agreed to the swap .
kenny and spencer never got along in class . they decided to have a boxing match after to settle things . they were supposed to meet by the swings but kenny did n't show up . he chickened out at the last minute . @he ca n't wait to go back .@all of the children called kenny a chicken the next day .
fred needed some ice for a barbecue . he went to the store and pulled out several bags from the freezer . he went to the counter and paid for the ice . the attendant helped him carry them to his car . @when he got to the front desk , he was shocked .@fred brought the ice to the barbecue .
jack loved to jump around . he was just a little kid that loved to jump . one day he jumped one too many times . and landed on a lego piece . @i immediately threw it away .@jack 's foot hurt horribly and he decided to be more careful .
kelly was nervous today . it was her first day of school . she was the new kid . thankfully however she made new friends when she got there . @kelly was thrilled .@she realized she was going to like the school .
ana forgot her umbrella .  after school , she realized it was raining .  she was supposed to walk home .  as she headed out , she noticed a familiar car .  @she saw that her car had been stolen .@it was her boyfriend come to pick her up .
 one day , i woke up with the worst pain in my throat .  i could barely even swallow ! i went to the doctor and she confirmed that i had strep .  thankfully , she gave me antibiotics .  @i realized that i should have listened to my friends .@ a couple of days later , i started to feel better , thank god ! 
barry decided he was going to see a broadway musical . barry researched the internet for various shows occurring on broadway .  after researching , barry decided he was going to watch cats .   after getting dressed , barry made his way to the event .  @barry had a great time at the concert .@barry enjoyed the show and had a good night .
ben was nervous to be going to the dance with pat . he bought a new suit just for the occasion . ben drove his father 's car to pick it up . pat 's father told ben that pat was ill and could not go to the dance . @ben and ben had a great time at the dance .@ben was very disappointed .
my exam was a week from now . i decided to study today so i can understand the material better . a few days passed and i 've spent a couple of hours studying . unfortunately i caught a during the day before the exam . @i had to go to the emergency room .@hopefully i be able to get through the exam .
jackson had always wanted to grow a beard .  his friends told him that a beard would look bad , but he ignored them .   jackson did n't shave for a month and he grew a bushy , thick beard .   admiring himself in the mirror , jackson felt satisfied .  @suddenly , he realized that his mirror was broken .@he was glad that he had n't listened to his friends .
gina and her friends were the only people in the library . gina had never been in the library at school with so few people . she liked it better this way . she wished her friends were n't there either and she was alone . @she decided to go to the park .@gina found a secluded spot by herself .
i got my nails done yesterday . the nails looked amazing . unfortunately today they chipped . i was working in the garden and they chopped . @i put on my shoes and went outside .@i felt upset .
david was tired of living with all of the ice and snow of ohio . so he decided to check with his travel agent to see where to go . unfortunately his travel agent did n't have anything available .  david went home , but on his way saw a flyer for a cruise !  @he had a great time at the grand canyon .@he booked the trip the second he got home .
i bought a dune buggy for fun . i wanted to drive it out to the dunes and mess around . i strapped it into the back of my truck . i drove two hours to get to the desert . @when i got there , i realized i forgot my wallet .@there i found a sign that said no dune buggies allowed .
lee wanted to give his mom a nice gift for her birthday . but he had no money ! so he decided to make her a card and cake . he put in lots of time and effort . @then he had a great idea .@lee 's mom was very happy when she received it .
jeff found a diamond ring in the hallway at work . he brought the ring back to his desk .  later , he read an email asking if anyone had found a ring .  jeff returned the ring to its owner . @the owner was so happy that he gave jeff a reward .@jeff was glad to help them .
the book gina had started reading had been checked out . she would n't be able to see how the book ended for a month . she did n't have anything to read in the meantime .  she searched the shelves , but nothing looked good .  @finally she found one that she liked .@gina was annoyed .
 one day , i got a message that my school 's campus had been closed .  the message said there was a bear on the grounds ! the police had to come and help get the bear away . they gave the bear a tranquilizer . @the bear ran away .@the bear fell asleep after that .
i watched the zebras run . they ran right past me . i chased after the zebras . they got away from me . @i had to go to the hospital .@i watched the zebras run away in the distance .
jamie 's friends at school always told her baseball was a boys sport .  however , jamie loved baseball more than any other activity .  so jamie practiced baseball no matter what the others said . soon she was the best baseball player at school . @she was so excited to be on the team !@no one made fun of jamie and her love of baseball again .
mowgli had just moved to los angeles . she lived in tennessee her whole life . her first night in california she went out to look at the stars . she used to always do that growing up . @one day she decided to cut her hair .@she felt at home .
billy loved to eat apples and healthy foods . he shared his loved of fruit with his family and friends .  when he was older , he bought an orchard and raised apples .  the apples tasted very good and were enjoyed by many . @when the apples were done , the apples were perfect .@billy 's brand of apples became a success thanks to his passion .
rick lived in canada . he had never seen a gecko . he decided to travel to new mexico to find one . he finally saw a gecko ! @he took it home and opened it .@rick thought geckos were totally worth the trip .
i did n't like paying taxes . i enrolled in a tax preparer 's class . i studied hard and long . i passed my tax preparer 's class . @i decided to go to the bank .@i was happy i passed .
jenny sat down to open her easter eggs . she had collected them during the church easter egg hunt . she counted 14 eggs . some had little candies or stickers inside . @one day she decided to buy some .@jenny was very happy with the contents of her easter eggs .
steven was a soldier for the army . he reached the rank of general after 5 years .  when he was a general , he lead an army of men into a battle .  none of his soldiers were killed and the battle resulted in a victory . @one day , he decided to quit his job .@he was the greatest general ever .
tina 's mom had told her to put on her shoes almost ten minutes ago . she scrambled to find her shoes in her big messy room . tina had to move piles of clothes off the floor looking for her shoes . after searching for a few minutes she finally spots them . @when she was done , she put them in the oven .@tina is very relieved and puts on the shoes .
 it was midnight , and lynn 's family was asleep .  lynn and her friends decided to meet some boys at the park . they decided it would be dangerous to sneak out her room window . so they went to the basement . @they had a lot of fun .@lynn and her friends snuck out of the basement door .
brittany knitted scarves . she tried to make each one unique . she was making a scarf for her father . she put a snake design on it . @then , she put it in her mouth .@now brittany 's father wears a boa around his neck .
the family was lounging on a street bench when a dog walked up .  it was dirty , scared and painfully thin .  the family saw it had no collar . the dog was obviously in need of a home . @the dog had no collar .@the family opted to take the dog home with them .
gavin had always wanted to use a bow and arrow . he found a local archery range and an instructor to teach him . at first gavin had trouble shooting arrows accurately .  however , he did not give up .  @he decided to go to the doctor .@ gradually , gavin 's archery skills improved . 
connor is a writer . he spends many nights writing his novels . connor 's neighbors are very loud and noisy . he talks to to them about the noise levels . @when he gets to the front door he finds it was closed .@his neighbors were much quieter afterwards .
ed 's family had moved to a rural area . ed learned that he was to be homeschooled . at first he was apprehensive . but then his mom started to make lessons fun ! @she was so happy !@he loved his mom 's lessons .
peter needed a new pair of shoes . he threw on his favorite outfit and went out . he went to the mall and checked out the shops .  in one shop , he found a nice pair of shoes .  @he bought the shoes and went home .@peter decided to buy the pair and went home .
there was a turtle in the lake . it climbed up on a rock to get into the sun . suddenly the skies darkened . it started to rainy ! @he had to go to the emergency room .@the turtle climbed back into the lake .
i started getting into music in middle school .  as my tastes expanded , so did my desire to attend a concert .   my friends had seen one or two , but i had not .   finally , after a few painful years , my time arrived .  @when i got home , i realized that i had forgotten my sunscreen !@i finally saw my first concert and it was amazing .
francis has been inside his home for many days writing . he can not remember the last time he left his house . finally he puts on his boots and decides to go outside . the air feels great on his face . @he is happy that he finally has a beard .@francis shivers and starts walking to a park .
tina was a project manager for a technology company . she built software used in clinical trials . she met with the client to determine their needs and requirements . she configured the software to match their requirements . @jill is now a professional author .@tina made her client very happy with her diligence .
curtis went down to the baseball field . his friends were already there . he joined a team and began playing a friendly game of baseball . he hit 2 home runs and helped his team win the game . @his team won the game .@curtis ' team carried him off in happiness .
when i was young i hated mowing the lawn . as i got older i never really liked it any more . now that i have my own kids i make them mow the lawn . they hate it too . @they decided to go to the park .@i 'm sure their kids will hate mowing lawns as well .
it was time for the baby to take a nap . the mommy changed her diaper . the mommy read a bedtime story . the mommy laid the baby in the crib . @the baby was crying .@the baby gently fell asleep .
bob was playing basketball . he dropped his glasses on the ground . he was disappointed when he saw that they were broken . bob went to the glasses store the next day . @he was able to get a new pair of glasses .@bob was able to wear his glasses again after getting them fixed .
i invited a girl i like to the movies last week . she said yes . we decided to watch a comedy . it was pretty funny . @she decided to try it .@i laughed a lot through the film .
 today , i was sitting in the computer lab .  i smelled something very strange . i looked all around for the source of the smell .  then , i noticed the girl sitting next to me had removed her shoes .  @i asked her out on a date .@i balked at her foot odor .
a mom took her kids to a family restaurant to eat . one of her kids was squealing with joy and laughter . patrons at another table complained that the kid was too loud . they passed the mother an angry note . @the note said that it was a secret .@the mother got offended and told them off .
gina grabbed a funeral program and took a seat . the actual funeral did n't start for another 30 minutes . gina just wanted it to be over . she wanted to get away from the body as fast as she could . @she decided to take a break .@gina did not like funerals .
ray was fishing in the ocean . he felt a tug on his line .  he reeled it in , excited .  but then he frowned in disappointment . @the next morning , he had a great idea !@he had caught an old boot .
mary had always wanted to have a pet bird .  when mary was young , her parents told her a bird was too much trouble .   now that she had her own apartment , she decided to buy a parrot .  it felt great to have a parrot and to not be alone all the time . @the parrot decided to give it a shot .@the parrot turned out to be a great companion .
ara was in the school choir . her leader offered her a solo in the school play . ara was nervous but thrilled . she practiced every day for weeks . @on the day of the competition she was nervous .@ara got a standing ovation for her solo .
tim was mad . he saw roaches in his house . he bought some cheap bug spray .  however , it did not get rid of them .  @i decided to get rid of them .@tim called an exterminator .
zaiden lost his favorite cup . he looked for it in all of the bedrooms . his cup was not in any of the rooms . zaiden decided to look in the car . @he did n't know what to do .@there he found it under a seat .
lexi wanted to be a school teacher . she loved taking care of children .  but when she became an assistant teacher , she regret it .  disciplining her students was more work than she could handle . @she decided to take a break .@she decided to find a different career .
jilly 's mom waited in the car while she ran in to get donuts . she picked out 12 like her mother told her . the person at the counter said she could have one more .  he called it a baker 's dozen , 13 for the price of 12 .  @i gave him a $ 50 tip .@jilly was excited .
trouble comes when folks do not listen . my daughter did not listen to me today . she was dancing too close to the wall . she lost control and hit the corner of the wall . @she landed on the ground and broke her leg .@my daughter learned her lesson the hard way .
alex was trying to build a birdhouse . he spent almost an hour putting together the walls .  when he went to put the roof on , he realized that it did n't fit .  he had made a mistake with the walls . @then , he plugged it in .@alex decided to start over from the beginning .
tuie was a very spoiled dog who liked to be completely covered up . she would always try to get underneath adam 's blanket . adam got tired of his blanket smelling like a dog . he went to the store and bought her a blanket of her very own . @when she was done , she went home .@tue loved her new blanket and adam was happy .
louis was having a birthday party . and he ate a bunch of cake .  but when the party was over , his head hurt .  and he had trouble falling asleep . @the next morning , he woke up with a headache .@louis took a pain relieving medication .
jenny always used to take long walks with her husband bill .  after they divorced , jenny stayed in the house and did n't go on walks .  one day jenny decided to start taking walks again .  she found that the walks were still nice , even without bill .  @she decided to take a walk around the block .@jenny continued taking a walk every evening after that .
may was visiting the beach in fredonia .  she loved the clear , warm blue water .  the lake was so inviting ! may jumped in and swam for a few hours . @she could n't wait to go back .@she was tired afterwards .
karel always wanted to tap dance . her friends thought it was nerdy . she still pursued her dream . eventually she became really good . @she was so proud of herself .@she won a tap dancing contest .
jasper has always wanted to get a tattoo . he knows that tattoos are painful but he wants one anyway . he decides to get a tattoo of a tiger on his back . the tattoo comes out looking great . @he finds the perfect tattoo .@how sad jasper can not see it unless he looks in a mirror !
sarah got a new bike for her birthday . but she was very forgetful . one day she left it in the driveway . and her mom 's car hit it . @her mom took her to the hospital .@sarah no longer had a bike to ride and was sad .
i was walking to my house after riding the school bus .  when i arrived at the front , i tried to open the door .  the door was locked .  when i tried to look for my keys , i could n't find it anywhere .  @i looked everywhere for them .@i then found my spare key and entered .
ted was playing tennis with his big brother .  he always lost , but today he was determined to win .  he concentrated hard and did his best . and ted ended up winning the match ! @ted won the game !@ted was proud of his efforts .
jess was the hall monitor at her school . and she took pictures of students who broke the rules . but students complained she was annoying and invasive . so her camera was taken away . @she had to go to the emergency room .@jess was upset that it was taken away .
we decided to take a trip today . the sky was cloudy and it was cold . we started driving and the rainy started pouring . we had to pull over because it was raining so hard . @we had to walk to the park .@after an hour the rain cleared and we started driving again .
sue had an ice cream cone . her brother smacked it out her hand . she told her mom . her mom made him apologize . @he refused to help her .@her mom made her brother give her his .
hallie wanted ramen noodles for supper . she threw a fit when her mom told her no . her daddy told her to stop her crying . she refused to stop crying . @she decided to take a break .@hallie was sent to bed without supper .
gina knew her sister had taken her phone . she was furious because she had been looking for it for an hour . she grabbed her sister 's shirt and demanded the phone . her sister looked terrified . @she finally found it in the bathroom .@her sister gave her the phone .
alex wanted to visit a circus in town . he looked the circus up on the internet . the internet had several pages showing how circuses abused the animals . alex was very sad when he saw the bull hooks used on the elephants . @one day he decided to ride a horse .@he left the circus right away .
sue was hungry . she went to the refrigerator and cupboard in search of food . she saw that she had no food .  she found her jacket , purse , and keys .  @she went to the store and bought a new jacket .@sue drove to a hamburger joint .
i read to my son 's preschool class today . the parents take turns coming in to read a story to the kids . my son picked his favorite book for me to read . the kids loved the story . @the story was a success .@afterwards we ate lunch together .
alfred and arthur had been best friends when they were children .  unfortunately , when they got older , they began to fight .  they stopped talking to each other for a few years .  finally , they managed to reconcile .  @they had a great time .@they were both happy to be friends again .
gina decided to go to gym class in her everyday clothes . the teacher sent her back to the locker room to change . she stormed off making a scene . she sat in the locker room sulking until the teacher came to find her . @the teacher told her she had to leave the classroom .@she had a long talk with the teacher after class .
 it was a sunny day , so sheila decided to take fido for a walk .   on the walk , fido tried to run into a neighbor 's yard .  there was a robber in the neighbor 's backyard ! sheila yelled for the robber to stop right there . @the robber ran away from the robber .@she called the cops on her sell and the arrested the robber .
we would go camping every summer . we would pack lunches and trek out . we would stop at a rest stop for lunch . typically it would be a mcdonald 's and i 'd order fries . @when i got to the restaurant i was surprised .@i love french fries .
my best friend played a video game online .  one day , she met a nice boy there .  they talked every day and fell in love . they finally met in person and hit it off . @they ended up having a wonderful time .@the two became a very loving couple .
aspen was about to get married . she was getting ready when she saw a text from her fiance . he was worried that she had left him at the alter . she realized that she was twenty minutes late . @she called the police .@aspen began to panic .
tony went to the lake to think about his life . as he sat there he watched a man who seemed so peaceful . the man was fishing and did n't have a care in the world . tony decided life was too short and he too wanted to be a fisherman . @tony went to the store and bought a fishing pole .@tony went to the docks to find an apprenticeship .
when cara was in sephora the other day she saw great stuffers . the stocking stuffers were so cheap . she decided to buy numerous ones for her friends . her friends ended up loving them . @kelly was thrilled .@they made her a thank you card .
kelly went on the longest grocery trip of her life yesterday . she ended up being there for four hours . the store was packed and had little help . therefore she was waiting in line forever at checkout . @as soon as she got to the parking lot she got a call .@kelly related her bad experience on the grocery store 's website .
vasiliki decided on cereal for breakfast . she got a bowl off the shelf . vasiliki opened a box of granola . she got a gallon of milk out of the refrigerator . @she put the milk in the milk .@ she poured , and ate a large bowl of cereal for breakfast . 
jessica excelled at track and field .  she loved running , and challenging herself .  she was confident that she would place first in her next competition .  instead , she came in second place .  @the next day , she went to the post office .@jessica decided to train even harder .
pete got a new video game for his computer . he wanted to spend a lot of time enjoying it .  however , his work and other responsibilities gave him no time .   finally , he chose to make time and set aside one weekend for himself .  @finally , he was able to make his own website .@he played the game until he had finished every level .
andy misplaced his keys . he looked high and low and still no luck . he asked his wife where his keys could be . she found them under the couch @she did n't like them .@andy was grateful and gave his wife a kiss .
susan knew she hurt him by leaving . she knew she could n't turn back . the next day she packed up and never looked back . she moved back in with her parents for awhile . @she was so happy to have her parents back .@susan knew the choice she made was difficult but for the best .
the oakland raiders ' starting quarterback was injured . dave was their backup quarterback . dave practiced the entire week with the first string offense . dave felt he was ready to start the next scheduled game . @dave was very proud of himself .@dave felt prepared for the game .
jerod 's brothers talked him into trying online dating . he was nervous but was determined to do his best to meet someone . he view a lot of profiles before he found one he liked . it took him a week to get up the nerve to message the girl . @when he got to the restaurant , he was nervous .@the girl rejected him .
martha wanted to win the big spelling bee at school . she got a word list from her teacher and practiced every day .  the big day finally came , and martha won the spelling bee !   she got a trophy , and her picture was in the newspaper !  @she was very pleased with her gift .@martha was very proud of her accomplishment .
samantha was very excited for her date with john . they were going to a very fancy restaurant downtown . john picked samantha up at six o'clock sharp . they went downtown and had a fabulous meal . @it was delicious !@samantha really enjoyed the meal .
tia decided to make an ice cream sundae . she got all the ingredients together . she put the ice cream in a bowl .  after that , she added the toppings .  @then , she put it in the oven .@tia could n't wait to try the sundae .
kelly was excited to get her first pair of wireless headphones . finally she was able to purchase them . kelly drove over to bestbuy to pick them up . as soon as she got them she put them on . @they were delicious !@she was shocked by the clarity of the headphones .
lay was teaching her son to read . she taught him the alphabet . then she helped him sound out simple words . soon lay 's son was reading short books . @then he had a great idea .@he became an avid reader .
sean loved to play video games . he played games on his computer and on his consoles .  he played games all day , every day .  sean ignored everything else around him . @one day , he was n't paying attention .@he became very good at video games .
olivia went out with harry on a date . harry thought the date was going well . olivia thinks he is a complete jerk . harry raves about their chemistry . @he decided to take a break .@olivia is about to leave .
john had been looking at houses . he had not found one he was in love with . he finally found one in his price range . he put in an offer . @the judge said it was a good idea .@the seller accepted and john was the proud owner of a new home !
the girls went to a casino . all decided to play some slot machines . none won any money . in fact all lost money . @he could n't find it .@they felt terribly about losing all of their money .
i wanted to eat a particular cereal for breakfast . i found that i had run out of that particular brand of cereal . i went to a store to buy some more . the store was also out of that brand and i had to buy another . @i went to the store and bought a new pair of shoes .@i liked the new brand that i bought .
henry 's mother dug through the laundry pile to find his uniform .  to her surprise , the stain on his baseball pants had not come out !  she did not have time to rewash the pants . henry had to go to baseball practice with dirty pants . @he did n't know what to do .@henry 's teammates made fun of him for having dirty pants .
javier has been walking to work for many year 's .  despite his long walk , javier is always at work on time .  javier 's boss realizes how long the walk is and buys javier a bike . now javier can ride his shiny new bike to work every day . @he is happy that he finally has a new bike .@javier is now early to work .
ella wanted to lose some weight . she decided to get some help . she joined a diet club at work . the girls all encouraged each other . @at the end of the game , they both won .@ella felt great from the encouragement .
brad would n't stop bullying matthew today .  when matthew tried to get lunch , brad smacked his tray .   when matthew was walking , brad tried to trip him .   matthew could n't go to the bathroom alone , without brad being there .  @he went to the bathroom .@matthew hated brad .
a woman named hillary was keeping a secret . she was sneaking out of her house at night to party . her friends would pick her up after her husband was asleep . hillary would go to the clubs and to the bars . @one day , she decided to try dancing .@one day her husband found out and divorced her .
i came home from school . my mom reminded me about a report that 's due soon . i immediately started on it .  since my brother was sleeping , i stayed up in the living room .  @when i woke up the next morning , my mom was asleep .@i finally finished it on time .
alanna was the worst student in the mathletes club . her crush had started tutoring fellow students in math . she felt embarrassed but signed up anyway . they hit it off right away and alanna worked very hard . @at the end of the day they had a lot of fun .@alanna was able to kiss her crush when her grades improved .
japan was preparing for the biggest tsunami of the year . they were gathering supplies for it . eventually it came and crashed down . it destroyed hundreds of houses . @he had to go to the hospital .@everyone was devastated .
neil had just arrived in germany . he could n't wait to explore the country !  but first , he needed to sleep .  he found a hotel and slept for ten hours . @when he woke up , he had to go to sleep .@ afterwords , he was very rested . 
cis was doing her laundry . she took her clothes out of the washer . then she spotted something . there was a $ 100 bill in the washer ! @i was so excited .@that was a great day for cis .
marta needed to visit her son 's school award ceremony . her toddler had just passed out for a nap though . marta roused her husband from his nap . she told him to watch the baby while she was away . @he did n't know what to do .@marta attended the ceremony .
katie saw a woman begging on the street .  others passed without paying any attention , but katie stopped .  she felt very bad for the beggar woman . she fumbled in her purse and handed the woman a $ 10 bill . @the woman gave her a $ 1000 tip .@katie walked away smiling after helping the beggar .
no one thought that francisco would finish his college degree . none of his family or friends had college degrees .  however , francisco studied very hard every day at college .  finally he graduated with a degree in biology . @he applied for a job at a local college .@he was so proud of himself !
gayle and her husband were skipping rocks at a lake . gayle picked up a smooth round rock to throw . the rock skipped four times before sinking into the murky water . gayle 's husband selected a large bumpy rock to throw . @she tried to climb it , but it did n't work .@then he threw it .
lori was drunk one night . her friends convinced her to get a tattoo . she picked a random one off the wall . the next week it got infected . @she had to go to the hospital .@she immediately confronted the tattoo artist .
sadie and her best friend were discussing what they should do saturday . they flipped through the local newspaper for ideas . sadie noticed that the local art museum was having an art show . both thought that it would be a nice event to attend on the weekend . @they decided to go to the grand canyon .@sadie and her friend made plans to visit the museum .
loo had a red box he kept pebbles he collected in . one day loo went out to play with his friends . when he came back home he could not find his box . loo asked his friends to help him find it . @they finally found it .@loo and his friends found the box .
lou met a girl named jill . he was falling in love after a couple dates . jill always talked about her best friend bex . she really wanted lou to meet her . @she asked him to go with her .@lou met bex and wondered if he had made the right choice .
 anne needed to slim down , but she hated exercise .  then she and her friend heard about a fun workout class to try .  it was called pole dancing , and it promised fun and fat-burning .  anne and her friends signed up for the fitness class . @they practiced every day .@anne dropped four sizes in six months .
cindy need a pedicure . she went to the local nail salon . the stylist massaged her feet . they also filed her toes . @she was able to keep her company .@she chose a bright pink color for her polish .
kay was surprised to see her mother still had her tree up in may . her mother wanted to leave the tree up longer . when her mother left kay took down the tree . her mother was upset she took down the tree . @her mother told her it was the best tree ever .@kay and her mom then made up .
jenny is very thirsty . she suspects she is dehydrated .  finally , she was able to find a water bottle .  she drank the whole thing . @when she got home , she realized she 'd forgotten her wallet !@jenny would always remember to pack a water bottle .
nancy was trying to print out her class assignment . the printer caught an error and froze . it took several minutes to reboot .  when she received the papers , they were empty .  @she had to go to the emergency room .@nancy felt frustrated .
 we went to portland , maine for a family vacation in 2006 .  we saw the art museum . we visited the waterfront and had dinner on a ship . we watched a minor league baseball game . @it was the third game .@we decided to repeat this vacation destination in the future .
my friend and his wife were unhappy for a while . they tried to work it out many times . both cared for each other deeply . but the differences were just too big . @gina decided to try out for the team .@they got divorced .
john had studied really hard for his math test . he carefully filled out the bubbles on the multiple choice form . when he got the test back he was shocked to see a 0 % .  when he talked to his teacher , he realized he had graded it wrong .  @he had to go to the emergency room .@john actually had gotten 70 % correct .
kim and rob wanted a pet . they decided to visit the local humane society . they saw a lot of cute dogs .  finally , kim found a small gray dog .  @she named the gray lab .@kim felt it was love at first sight .
my friend had a bachelor party before her wedding . a group of us got together and went out on the town . we had dinner and drinks at a mexican restaurant . we then got in a limo and went bar hopping . @we had a great time !@we had a great time .
jake was studying hard for his act test . he wanted to do well so he could get into a good college . jake went into his test very prepared . he got a perfect score on his test ! @he was so happy that he got an a !@jake got into a great college .
tim was always on his bike during the summer . he was riding fast down his local street on day . he did n't see the huge pothole in the middle of the road .  tim rode right into the pothole , flipping his bike .  @as he rode the bike , he tripped on a rock .@he broke his arm .
the city was bustling . people were pushing against each other to see the ball drop . they started a riot trying to get a good view .  however , it started to calm down .  @she ended up falling .@the ball lit up as the countdown started .
ed went to the local chicken restaurant . he ordered a bucket of chicken to eat . when he got home he noticed it was n't what he had ordered . it was all wings and thighs when is was supposed to be breasts . @i could n't wait to go back .@ed called the restaurant and complained .
mike used to play intramural volleyball . the one time before the playoffs his friend made a mistake . he jokingly through the ball at his face . next thing you know his glasses broke off his face . @he was very sad .@mike was upset at his friend .
today was the day fred was getting his exam back . he was quite excited . but at the same time he was nervous . finally when he got it back he saw that he aced it . @he had a great time .@he was so excited to ace it .
blake wanted to marry his girlfriend . he had the money for a ring . however he did n't know what ring to buy . blake called his girlfriend 's sister for help . @they finally got together .@the sister helped him find the perfect ring .
charles and his friends went to universal studios . they visited the harry potter portion of the park . they boarded the hogwarts express at king 's cross . the got off the train at hogsmeade at the islands of adventure . @when the train arrived , the train was still clear .@ when the trip was over , charles and his friends went home . 
francisco often feels bored and lonely on sunday mornings .  while he is busy all week with work , on sundays he does n't see people .   today , francisco decides to go to a nearby coffee shop to read .   as he sips coffee and reads his novel , he feels less lonely .  @he is happy to have a new book .@hearing conversations around him perk up his mood .
haley was doing gymnastics after school . she stayed longer than everyone else . during a tumble she fell and hurt her neck . there was nobody there to help . @he had to go to the hospital .@haley screamed until a teacher came and helped her .
julian planted some carrot seeds in his mother 's garden . but they did not grow ! he watered them some more . he waited another week . @when he got to the office , he was shocked .@the carrots finally began to sprout .
cassie always wanted to be an actress . she had some experience as a child doing plays at school .  one day , she saw an ad in the paper for auditions at the theater .  she got her nerve up and went to the casting call the next day . @when she was done , she was thrilled .@to cassie 's surprise they gave her a call back .
jerry received several gifts for his birthday . jerry opened up his presents one by one . one gift with nice wrapping caught his eye . jerry grabbed the gift and unwrapped it . @it turned out to be a million dollars .@jerry was excited to see what was under the paper .
sleep is precious .  most nights , i only get a few hours .  last night the kids were up six times . i only got an hour of sleep . @when i woke up i was exhausted .@i was tired all day .
gina was bored in detention . she decided to text her friend mary across the room . she knew the mean teacher would n't approve . she kept her phone in her purse to hide it from the teacher . @when she got back to her house , she saw her phone .@mary texted back .
a pop up appeared on my computer .  i did n't know what it was , but i clicked it .  my home page got directed to a webpage .  out of nowhere , my computer turned off .  @i called the police .@i worried that my computer had a virus .
gina and her friends were feuding . she was the only one who was an outcast . the other girls were getting along great . gina kept her head down and kept working . @she decided to take a break .@gina was depressed because her friends were ignoring her .
danny went to the gas station before work and filled up his car . when he got to work he decided to buy a coffee .  at the register , he reached into his pocket and found nothing .  he must have left his wallet on the top of his car . @he drove to the store to get it checked out .@danny was upset with himself .
she closed the door and locked it behind her . her movement was sultry as she approached him . he watched in easy anticipation . she swept him into her arms and they kissed . @she was so relieved to see him !@then they had sex .
timmy was a little excited about having a baby sister . his parents let him pick out some baby names . he really wanted the baby to be named jenna but his mom liked amy . when the big day finally came he stayed with his grandparents . @he was so happy to see his grandma !@he jumped for joy when his mother brought his sister home .
linda went to a special retreat to relax .  on the first day , she was weirdly told to wear a white robe .  everything they did was in unison and things were getting strange . she said this was not a retreat but a cult following . @she decided to call the police .@linda left as soon as she could .
mark brought work home with him last night . when he got to work this morning he could n't find the work he did . he was sure he bought it back today .  all he did was look for that file all day , now it was quitting time .  @he went to the store and bought a new laptop .@mark found the work at home on a table under the mail .
the dog sat in the cage at the shelter waiting for a family .  one by one , families walked past , picking other dogs .  he wagged his tail but still nobody wanted him . finally he took a nap . @when he woke up , he was very tired .@the dog longed for companionship .
nina was scared of the pool . she had never learned to swim ! but she dipped her toes in and then entered slowly . soon she was splashing and dog-paddling . @she could n't wait to go back !@she had a great time .
my neighbors have a problem with a mouse . they 've been chasing it for days . they can hear it in the walls . today one of them saw it run across the kitchen floor . @it was the best day of the year .@tonight they will get a mousetrap to catch the mouse .
my family went to watch the fireworks for independence day .  this is something that we do every year , no matter where we are .   the kids love the bright bursts of light , but hate the loud bangs .  my youngest fell asleep during the show . @when she woke up the next morning , she woke up .@we went home after a nice experience .
katie decided it would be fun to dye some easter eggs . she got her siblings together and they started dying a dozen . the chose all different colors . when they were done they looked beautiful . @they loved it .@they were proud of their eggs .
my friend visited me from california .  we went to his van , smoked and talked .  time went by fast as we caught up . my friend told me that he had to go . @i went to the store and bought some gum .@my friend left and i was happy about the experience .
yesterday my friend and i got into a fight . it was a verbal fight but still hurtful . she was not being a good friend to me so i got upset . we ended up ending our friendship . @we ended up getting married .@i deleted her from all of my social media .
susan loved the beach and went often .  one day , while she swam in the ocean , a tide pulled susan under .  susan was terrified and feared she would drown .  thankfully , a lifeguard was nearby and rescued susan .  @susan was very excited .@susan was more careful when she swam .
 just as the storm approached , the power went out in the house .  ted went outside to investigate . ted noticed that the entire block was without power . he quickly got on his mobile and called the electric company . @he was able to get his phone fixed .@they repaired the outage .
it started snowing last week . it snowed for days . my friend told me to dive in the snow . i dove in the snow . @i put on my helmet and went outside .@i had to change clothes afterwards .
i really need to start a budget of my expenses . i spend too much money on things i do n't need . i 've been doing this for so long that now i 'm in debt . my brother bought me a book on saving money . @i was so excited .@i started saving money .
aya entered a contest at her grocery store . shoppers could submit their receipts into a drawing for a new car .  aya shopped a lot , so she had a lot of entries .  she hoped to win the new car ! @but when she got to the dealership , she was disappointed .@aya waited with anticipation .
i love making popsicles . i get a lot of juice and pour it in the molds . when i take them out of the freezer they are so good . the taste is so rich . @i decided to try it .@the popsicles are great .
fred was nervous for his golf tournament today . he got to the course and started practicing .  as the tournament started , he tried his best .  thankfully he ended up winning . @he ended up winning .@fred was very happy .
i was lost in the forest . i panicked because the woods were so thick .  i kept walking and walking , until i was ready to give up .   all the sudden , i heard a car go by .  @it was a deer .@i was so relieved !
my friend was moving away to college . we decided to throw her a party . we all met up with cake and snacks . she was so surprised to see us ! @we had a great time !@she hugged everyone and cried in joy .
stacie went down to the river bank to feed the ducks . she opened her package of bread . the ducks eagerly swam towards her . stacie broke off small pieces of bread to give to the ducks . @cheryl chased after the ducks .@stacie then fed the ducks and enjoyed it .
kelly downloaded a fantastic new app . it allowed her to control the lights in her home . she was able to turn them off with a button . kelly loved the app . @she went to the app app store .@kelly told all her friends about the app .
sue decided to try a new meatloaf recipe for dinner . she gathered the ingredients and propped open the cookbook . a breeze turned the page when she was n't looking .  reading the recipe , sue added a cup of sugar to the bowl .  @the next day , sue 's mom said she could make the soup .@sue was upset to learn that she had messed up the recipe .
jim worked at the local coffee shop . he was the best barista in town . he always made sure his customers had the best drinks . jim 's boss saw him working one day and was impressed . @jim 's boss fired jim for being so generous .@jim got a promotion for doing such a good job .
amy saw a beautiful necklace at a store in the mall . the necklace was more money than amy had to spend . amy decided to save more money and return another day . after a month of saving amy was ready to purchase the necklace . @she went to the store and bought the necklace .@amy bought the necklace proudly .
my senior dog is limping on his front right paw . i took him to a veterinarian to get checked out today . the veterinarian performed diagnostic tests on my dog . the tests show result showed that my dog has arthritis . @i am glad i got the flu .@i feel bad for my dog .
i was walking through central park on a fall day . i found a stray dog with a collar . i called the number on the collar and talked to the owners . the owners came to the park to pick up their dog . @the dog was happy to see the dog .@they thanked me very much for finding their dog .
beth asked amy to skip 4th period and go to mcdonalds for lunch . amy was hesitant but agreed to go . while at mcdonald 's amy 's band teacher walked in . he took the girls to the principal 's office . @the principal gave him detention .@they were suspended for a day .
 lucian was a musician , but not a very good one .   he would compose music , but no one wanted to listen .   finally , lucian decided to take music lessons .   after years of practice and learning , lucian wrote good music .  @eventually , he became a famous singer .@ finally , people wanted to listen to his music . 
brian was cold . he decided to turn on the heat in his house .  when the heat came on , it smelled like something was burning .  brian called the service man . @he was arrested .@he was able to repair the heater at a fair price .
every halloween ned had a party at his house . the whole neighborhood looked forward to going to ned 's party . ned moved away to a different town last year . the people in the neighborhood made ned 's old house a haunted house . @ned 's house was destroyed .@ned decided to come back for a visit .
kennan was born with a proprioceptive disorder . his mom had a hard time explaining to his brother what that meant .  because kallen did n't understand , the boys fought a lot .  this made things very hard for the family . @the family had a great time .@they considered seeing a family counselor to help with everything .
carl stayed home alone while his parents were on a trip . he was hungry and ordered food .  after an hour of waiting , carl fell asleep .   3 hours later , a knock on the door woke him up .  @there was a man in the kitchen .@the food had arrived and carl was excited .
jim was in high school as he heard the tell tale tornado siren . he felt a growing panic as he saw the green color of the sky . everyone moved into the hallway and kept their backs to the wall . he heard the whipping wind grow stronger outside . @he went to the hardware store .@jim was scared .
my cane has a strap . the strap is attached to the end of the cane . the attachment kept coming off . i looked for a different strap . @i could n't find it anywhere .@i bought a different strap .
gina 's extended family was fighting another family .  they were in a park , and someone called the police .  the police cars drove up fast with their sirens blaring . they jumped out of the cars and began to run towards them . @when they got to the bottom , they saw a bear .@the police broke up the fight and questioned everyone .
irene had just gotten a job bartending to pay for college . it was her first night and she was afraid . she thought men would be rude to her . but they were so polite and friendly ! @neil was so happy and happy !@she was enjoyed her first night at her job .
jay was falling behind in math class .  there was an exam at the end of the week , and he was very nervous .   jay hired a tutor , but it was n't enough .   the night before the test , jay stayed up all night studying .  @he stayed up all night studying .@jay barely passed the test .
the band walked to the front of the stage . they began to perform . the electricity immediately went off . everyone could n't see where they were . @they decided to go to the park .@ after a few minutes , the lights came back on . 
dave decided one day he wanted to go see a hockey game . he ordered a few tickets . he then invited some of his friends .  they all went to the game , and had a good time  @they had a great time playing basketball together .@dave was happy that he went to the hockey game .
the waltons had n't had a vacation in years . this last summer they decided to drive to the beach . the family drove for hours and stopped a few times along the way . they spent five days at a nice hotel at the beach . @the family enjoyed their vacation .@the waltons were very relaxed .
one day tommy and his friend bill took a road trip . they jumped in the car and drove away . they drove to the ocean . they got out and ran beside the beach . @they had a great time .@ tommy could n't swim , so he just watched bill go into the surf . 
rachel 's mother always made her and the kids kool-aid . one day rachel was very thirsty . she decided to make herself kool-aid for the first time . she dumped the package in water and stirred it up and took a sip . @it was delicious !@she realized she mixed in too much water and it tasted bad .
the brown family was going to the grand canyon . they all piled in the car and began their drive from iowa . there were many stops along the way and the trip was long . when they arrived at the canyon the kids hopped out of the car . @when they got to the canyon , they had a blast .@they all took photo 's to post on their facebook pages .
a man dug a well on his farm .  instead of water , though , he struck oil .   jubilant , he placed some calls .  a large oil company arrived the next day . @when the oil company came , the oil was empty .@they bought the land from the man for a million dollars .
tay watched tv all the time . she decided to cut down on her tv consumption . she started by watching one less show every day . then she watched only on weekends . @she decided to try out for the track team .@tay had much more time to do things outside the house .
myla was asked to be in a play . she a had a leading role . myla was struggling to remember her lines . her mother began helping her practice daily . @at the end of the day , the two became best friends .@with her mother 's help myla memorized her lines quickly .
my kitchen had too much trash in it . i cleaned it up and put it into bags . i took the bags outside of my house . i then carried the bags down my driveway to the trash can . @i put the bags in the trash can .@i was glad to get rid of the trash .
it was anne 's daughter stacey 's first birthday . anne was excited to give her daughter this special day . she could n't wait to share it with her . unfortunately it started to rainy . @she had to go to the store .@anne was not pleased that it was raining .
jenny wanted to learn how to dance . she took a class on how to square dance . she then would go to square dances with her friends . one day she met a guy who square dances . @they watched videos and watched videos .@both of them became great square dancing partners .
ally collects things with peacocks on them .  for her birthday , fred bought her a peacock teapot .  she loved it . she put it on her shelf to admire . @a few hours later , she heard a knock on the door .@ally is grateful to fred .
last march we performed a ching ming ceremony . ching ming is a chinese ceremony honoring the dead .  my son , daughter , son in law and wife drove to a cemetery .   we placed food , wine , and incense in front of family graves .  @everyone was amazed at how good the food was .@we love participating in this cultural event .
tyler needed some extra spending money . he began looking for after school jobs . finally he found a job at the local cafe . he makes coffee and bagels for customers . @one day he forgot to turn the key on .@he likes all the money he has now .
tim 's truck needed an oil change . he decided to do it himself to save some money .  under the truck , he loosened the plug on the oil pan .   suddenly , oil poured everywhere !  @she had to go to the emergency room .@ it created such a mess , maybe it was n't worth saving the money . 
joey was excited to go to the ice sculpture display with his dad . his friend told him there all kinds of mythical creatures there . joey ran from one to the other to be sure to see everything . his favorite was a dragon that was at least twice his size . @he went to the store and bought a new camera .@joey had a picture taken of a dragon sculpture .
my laptop stopped working . my cousin accidentally dropped it . she apologized . now i need to buy a new one . @i went to the store .@i made my cousin pay for it .
my grandfather died last night . he had been battling cancer for months . it finally took too much of a toll on him . he passed away in his sleep . @the next morning , he woke up in the hospital .@he was very old .
hector was going to propose to his girlfriend sarah . he took her to the park to enjoy a nice romantic picnic . an airplane was scheduled to fly a banner above to ask the question . hector saw the plane flying over and told sarah to look up . @sarah was shocked to find out that he had a flat tire .@sarah said yes .
jordan met sally over two year 's ago and got into a relationship . suddenly sally got distant with jordan . jordan heard through a friend that sally was seeing another guy . jordan confronted sally and she admitted to seeing another guy . @they both had a great time .@jordan was sad and broke off his relationship with sally .
yesterday i was wearing my new shirt . the shirt was white and clean as could be . yet unfortunately i had an accident . i spilled some sauce on it . @i was very upset .@i immediately took the shirt to the dry cleaners .
samantha was happy to go away for the summer . she told all of her friends that she was going to hawaii . at the last minute her brother gets sick . samantha vacation was cancelled . @she decided to go to the beach .@samantha was so disappointed !
amy was scared of going to the doctor . the pediatrician was very patient with her and shared her stethoscope . amy found it very interesting and was n't scared anymore . amy decided she wanted to be a doctor when she grew up . @at the end of the day amy was nervous .@amy actually grew up to be a successful doctor .
gomez loves halloween . he wanted to enter a costume contest .  for his costume , he decided to be mickey mouse .  the contest had a disney theme . @it was the best birthday ever .@he won the contest .
jack has a big garden . he weeds it every day . once a week he takes veggies to the market . jack waters his garden in the morning . @he watered them every day .@his veggies grow large and plentiful .
as amy stood in line at security she realized she hated airports . she placed her purse into the bin and walked through . the tsa agent asked her to step to the side . amy had forgotten to remove her mace from her key chain . @she had to go to the emergency room .@amy explained the situation and moved on .
debra decided that the bus was the most economical way to get to work .  debra found the bus somewhat slow , but very cost-effective .  debra also liked that public transit was environmentally friendly . she had to get up fifteen minutes earlier to make it to the bus . @when she got to the bus stop , the bus was still out .@she set her alarm for 15 minutes earlier .
i really wanted to make a snowman last week . there was plenty of time and snow . unfortunately i did n't have any gloves good enough . i had lost all the pairs that would n't soak through . @i searched everywhere for the perfect pair .@sadly i had to skip building a snowman .
tom was delivering newspapers on his bike . it went smoothly until he arrived at this abandoned street . a house was empty but the door was open . tom went inside of the house . @he was very sad .@tom found an empty and haunted house .
 when mary was a child , her class visited an apple orchard .  hungry mary snuck off behind some bushes to eat an apple she picked .  years later , she felt guilty because she had not paid for the apple .   though a relatively trivial matter , it weighed on her conscience .  @in the end , they had to go to the principal 's office .@mary decided to visit the orchard and pay them .
i went to trade in my car . i wanted something nice . i found a good car for good price .  as i left , i turned on the a/c .  @when i looked at the mirror , the mirror was gone .@the a/c felt nice on a hot day .
lisa wanted to go to her friends house . her mother had to run errands and need her to watch the kids . she could only go if she took them with . her mother gave her $ 10 to babysit and left . @amy was upset because she did n't have the money .@lisa had a great time babysitting with her friend .
cassidy always loved eating scones at the shop near his home . he decided to try baking scones at home . at first his scones came out too try .  however , he kept baking new batches until they were delicious .  @she made spaghetti and meatballs for her family .@cassidy became good at baking scones .
 as archie was walking home , he noticed the sky was getting dark .  he decided to run home instead of walk . the rainy started to pour . archie could n't run home fast enough . @he took a train to the park .@his clothes got completely soaked .
mellie thought she had seen a ghost . she looked all over her house with a flashlight to find the source .  finally , she saw the ghost again .  she worked up the courage to turn on the lights . @when she got to the top of the hill , she was shocked .@mellie found there were shadows in the curtains .
george had to go to court . he had to pay a parking ticket . he arrived at his local city council . he waited in line . @when he got to the front door , the line was empty .@ eventually , george was able to pay the ticket . 
last week i ran into the cutest girl ever . we were both at the grocery store and our eyes met . i mustered up the courage to ask for her number . she said no . @she decided to go to the movies .@i went on about my day .
pam was looking for a house to buy .  after a few months of looking , she finally found a house she loved .   however , it was a little too expensive .   pam tried to talk down the price , and succeeded .  @she ended up having a great time .@pam finally bought the house .
candy was nervous about her upcoming airplane trip . her sister gave her some sleeping pills to help her relax .  candy hated taking pills , but once on the plane , she felt differently .  she was too nervous and took the pills despite herself . @she took the pills and felt better .@she did n't wake up until the plane landed .
 ted was seated at the bench at the airport , awaiting his flight .  a family approach ted and asked him if he could watch something . they asked him to watch a large box while they looked for their kid . ted apologized and got up quickly and walked away . @ted and ted were both happy .@the family thought ted was very rude .
a young man went to buy a shirt . he searched through several aisles . he found a shirt he liked . of course he paid for it . @when he got home , he put it in his pocket .@he knew there were severe consequences for shoplifting .
i decided it was time for me to go to sleep . i started up the stairs . my kitty ran in front of me . i got into my bed and under my covers . @i went to the bathroom .@ my kitty laid on my chest , and we went to sleep . 
 samantha wanted to watch a scary movie , but her mother said no .   her mother left for work , and samantha decided to watch it anyway .  the movie was so scary it gave samantha nightmares for weeks ! she wished she 'd never watched it ! @but then she realized she 'd forgotten her makeup !@samantha learned her lesson .
katie had waited till the last day to write her book report . she was nervous and had to hurry . she did n't do a very good job . her teacher gave her a bad grade . @she was very embarrassed .@katie was upset at herself for waiting until the last minute .
class started in 10 minutes and i had a math assignment due . my older friend volunteered to do it for me .  unfortunately , my teacher found out about the copying .  she crumbled my paper and threw it in the trash . @i put the bag in the trash can .@my teacher gave me an f for the assignment .
ethan enrolled in a singing lesson near his house . he did not have any previous experience and was nervous . his instructor was a nice lady who was a world renown singer . ethan practiced singing the scales with her . @however , he was determined to be a nurse .@ethan soon became an amazing soprano .
sunny went with her family to a village . the village was hosting a swap meet . her family found some great deals . overall sunny found the event boring . @i decided to go to the mall .@she rolled her eyes as her folks rejoiced at all the neat things .
kelly took an afternoon hike with her husband .  halfway through the hike , her husband stopped .   he pointed to the ground , where several animal tracks were present .  kelly knelt down to examine the tracks more closely . @as she was about to give up , she felt a sharp pain .@they were deer tracks .
kelly was walking down the street . she is a attractive female .  however , she started to get harassed .  all the men were whistling and hollering . @they decided to go on a cruise .@kelly kept on walking .
neil was having a great time in athens . then a new friend offered him a traditional drink . it was a strong spirit called ouzo .  neil had a great night drinking , but the next morning was awful .  @the next morning , he woke up in the middle of the night .@he woke up with a terrible migraine .
kelly loved a boy named steve . they spent everyday together . one day steve asked kelly to marry him . she said yes . @they talked for hours .@kelly and steve had a beautiful wedding .
 on the fourth of july , lilly baked a lemon blueberry cake .  she brought it to her boyfriend 's house and they had a bbq . after dinner they drove into the city to watch fireworks .  when the show was over , they got donuts from a food truck .  @they had a great time .@lilly had a wonderful time .
emma had been working as a dishwasher . her hands cracked and bled from the hot soapy water . then her mom noticed and concocted a special salve for her . emma used the salve every night before bed . @the next morning she woke up with a headache .@her hands got better .
two friends heard about a local house-warming party . the friends could n't decide if they should dress formally or not . one friend chose to dress in jeans and a t-shirt . the other went in a black dress . @the dress fit perfectly .@they both dressed wrongly for it was a nude house warming party .
an old rich man owned an island . he built a great zoo there . the zoo had unusual animals that nobody had ever seen before . a hurricane struck the island and many of the animals were set free . @it was the best day of the year .@ the man quickly tried to round them all up , but it was difficult . 
joe woke up late for school .  he asked his mom for a ride , but she had no time .  he knew it was too late to catch the bus . he decided he had to run all the way to school ! @when he got home , he realized he did n't have any money .@joe arrived at school exhausted .
carl wanted to make dinner to impress the woman he was dating . he studied some recipes and planned the meal .  one the big day , his nervousness caused him to switch sugar and salt .  his date could barely eat one bite and carl was crushed . @after a few minutes , carl realized he was allergic to eating !@carl was sad because his date never called him again .
 one month after jen 's mom died , her father remarried .  her new stepmother was literally five years older than her .  at first , jenny could barely stand to be around the woman .   then one night they went to dinner , and became great friends !  @they had a great time at the party !@jenny decided she liked her step mother .
mill was headed to his first day of school . when he arrived to class the teacher sat him with other black kids . mill could n't understand why he could n't sit up front . his teacher told him the back is the spot he belongs . @the next day , he went to the store to buy a new one .@mill learned later that his teacher was racist .
 mark took a sick day today , he was faking it , obviously .  he did n't put on anything besides socks and boxers . he was eat ice cream and sing into his brush . the first verse of his encore he slipped on the hardwood floor . @he landed on the ground and landed on the ground .@mark sprained his wrist .
ela was babysitting . her young charge wanted chicken nuggets .  ela checked , but there were none in the freezer .  she went to mcdonald 's and bought some nuggets . @then she went home .@the child was happy with his nuggets .
gina was putting posters on her bedroom walls . there was a poster of the cool new girl group . the girls were wearing bright colorful clothing . gina herself was wearing a brown shirt and khakis . @she did n't know what to do .@gina decided she would wear more colorful clothing .
jake was swimming in his backyard . all of a sudden his pool burst open . there was a hole on the side of his pool . all the water leaked out of the pool . @i had to clean it up .@jake was very upset .
em had had digestion issues lately . she visited her doctor . he suggested probiotics and active cultures . em started to eat enriched yogurt every day . @one day , she had a terrible feeling .@ after two weeks , she had less bloating and felt better . 
gina had searched for her lost pencils for days . she had even searched the bag of a boy she thought took them . she knew she could n't ask her mother for more pencils . and she did n't have money to buy more . @she decided to buy a lottery ticket .@ luckily , gina 's teacher handed out new pencils that day . 
aidan 's family had moved to a very rural area . his parents discussed schooling options . aidan 's mom did n't want him to ride a bus for three hours every day . she decided to teach him herself . @she trained hard for many months .@aidan learned a lot from his mom .
gina needed a blanket for her picnic . she wanted a red gingham one . the closest she could find was her mom 's bedspread . she pulled if off the bed and took it to the yard . @when she opened the door , the cat was gone .@her mom got angry .
tia decided her kids were drinking too much sugar . she decided to cut out soda pop .  instead , she began to make sugar-free kool-aid for them .  at first they complained about the change . @then they decided to go to the store .@ later , once tia 's kids were used to the taste , they acclimated . 
ed was nervous about starting high school . he tried to reassure himself . he showed up the first day smiling and friendly . he made lots of friends quickly . @then he had a great idea .@ed was relieved .
my cat likes to hunt . one day my cat hunted a mouse . the mouse was really fast . the cat could not catch the mouse . @the cat ran away .@the cat was really slow .
darren struggled with depression . he never could shake the dark feelings he had . finally he saw a specialist and got the help he needed . he learned that there were physiological reasons for his depression . @he decided to quit his job .@darren got a lot better with treatment .
trevor thought that people did n't respect the xylophone enough . he loved the high-pitched percussive tones it made . trevor convinced a band to let him join with the xylophone . they had a top 100 hit that included xylophone on the track . @i was so nervous that i did n't win the race .@now the band looks for music with xylophone arrangements .
sara came back from the market . and she was eager to try the new coffee that she bought .  after she finished preparing it , she drank away .  sara was amazed by how smooth and rich it tasted . @she loved it so much that she decided to make it herself .@sara decided this was her new favorite coffee .
 one summer when my girls were little , i filled a pool in our backyard .   i got nice inflatable pool toys , that the girls loved playing with .  we carefully put the new toys by the side of the pool at sunset .  the next morning , the pool water was muddy and the toys were gone !  @i was so sad that i had to clean up the mess .@after checking the doghouse we found the toys .
tom worried that the winter would never end . it had been a cold february and he missed the warm weather . one day the temperature rose suddenly . tom was so happy to see that winter was finally ending . @tom was happy to see his dream come true .@tom traded in his jacket for shorts and a t-shirt !
jim loved carving pumpkins and so he entered a carving contest .  first , he bought a large pumpkin from the farmer 's market .   next , he thought of and drew a design on some paper .  jim carefully carved the design onto the pumpkin . @he placed it in the oven and put it in the oven .@jim won first prize .
miranda went to bad late last night . as a result she ended up sleeping in . to her dismay she missed the bus . she ended up having to walk to school . @when she got there , she realized she forgot her homework .@ as she walked , miranda decided to go to bed early from now on . 
my sister in law is an elephant lover . she collected 100 elephant figurines . lately she grew tired of her collection . she had me try to sell the figurines on ebay . @i sold it for $ 500 .@my sister in law will make some money .
ana was playing basketball when her finger started hurting .  an hour later , she was unable to move it .  her mother told her she was overreacting .  later that night , she was in so much pain she could n't sleep .  @she had to go to the hospital .@her mother took her to the emergency room to have it checked .
gina 's niece was playing in the driver 's seat of her dad 's car .  somehow she got the car out of park , and into reverse .  the car began to roll down the driveway into the street . everyone ran to the car to try and stop it . @the car ended up falling on the ground .@luckily gina 's dad managed to get into the car and hit the brakes .
 at the restaurant , the waiter gave me the wrong food .  i asked the waiter for the correct dinner . the waiter brought me another incorrect order ! they messed up my order twice . @i had a great time .@i left without paying the waiter a tip .
jake bought a metal detector . he took it to the beach to try it out . his metal detector found things buried in the sand . it frequently found quarters . @i decided to buy some .@jake saved up a lot of money just using his metal detector .
i had heard mr white and mr black argue for months . today i suggested mr black call the police on mr white . mr black said the 911 operator was sending the police . i witnessed mr white stabbing mr black . @the police arrested him .@the police came and questioned me about what i had seen .
chuck came home from work . he turned on netflix . his favorite show on netflix was breaking bad . chuck watched breaking bad for 8 hours . @he went to the doctor .@chuck realized that it was 2 in the morning .
there was a book series i loved very much . i looked forward to each new installment .  when the last book came out , there was a midnight party at the store .  i dressed up and went with my friends . @we went to the park .@we all had a good time .
ross had big dreams to be a professional singer . he joined a band as lead vocalist . he took voice lessons . one day his band tried out for a talent competition . @he practiced very hard .@ross and his band scored first place .
it was gina 's turn to choose classes at school . she was enrolling late and there were n't many classes left . she hated the majority of what she was offered .  since she had few choices she took spanish , and gym .  @after a few weeks of practice , she decided to take a class .@gina ended up really loving the spanish class .
terry liked collecting cups with weird art on them . he went to shops and trawled for good cups . his friends gave him cups at holidays . his prized piece was a zoo cup shaped like an elephant . @he loved the taste of it .@his friends gave him his favorite zoo cup .
stewart and his sister were fighting over the tv remote .  their parents yelled at them to stop , but the kids persisted .   during a tug of war over the remote , it flew out of their hands .   the remote smashed into the tv screen , resulting in a big crack .  @his brother was upset that he could n't find it .@stewart and his sister were in trouble .
tony had the pizza ingredients ready . he never baked a pizza before . tony wanted to surprise his girlfriend . he followed the instructions to make pizza . @he put the pizza in the oven .@tom did a good job and his girlfriend liked the pizza .
billy loved playing video games . one day he begged his parents to take him to kmart . he saw a whole bunch of games there . he picked out a popular shooter game then took it home . @he spent the rest of the day playing games .@he played the game until bedtime .
a heterosexual couple approach the checkin desk at a hotel . the woman excuses herself to go to the bathroom . a second man walks up to the desk and stands next to the first . the concierge assumes the two men are together . @robert was able to get his license .@the men realize the concierge 's mistake and laugh uncomfortably .
brad had just gotten his license . he asked his parents for a car for his birthday . they told him they would think about it . they then went and bought him a car . @he drove to the dealership .@brad was ecstatic !
arnold changed jobs to be closer to his children . his children seems very uninterested in having him around . arnold plans more activities with his children . they begin to loosen up towards him . @he has to go to the hospital .@soon they love spending time with him .
jenny and her boyfriend boarded the ship . they were both excited for a boat trip around the harbor . they had never seen it from the water . they set sail and began the cruise . @at the end of the day , they had a great time .@they were very excited and took lots of pictures .
 once we got a new xbox , we knew we needed to get battlefront .  my brother and i loved to play the game together . although the hard level was very hard and we could n't get past it . but we would keep playing and trying to get past the level . @one day we decided to go to the movies .@the day we finally beat it was such a great day .
ray went to classes to be a plumber . his friends mocked him relentlessly for his career choice . but ray did n't let them bother him . he kept at it and soon was making $ 25 an hour as a plumber . @when he got home , he noticed that he had a flat tire .@ meanwhile , his friends were all unemployed . 
i arrived in school and decided to head to the library .  when i looked at my phone , it had ten percent of its battery left .   in addition , i forgot my phone charger at home .   unless there was an emergency call , i did n't use my phone .  @when i got to the hospital , the phone was broken .@i did n't need to use my phone the whole day .
there was this amazing mexican joint right by my dorm . i would walk there a few times a week and eat tacos . the best part was that they were open all night . i went down there one night i found out they closed . @i was so excited .@i was really disappointed and hungrier than ever .
mary had lost forty pounds . she could n't wait to go to the beach and show off ! she donned her new bikini and headed to the shore .  there , she strutted up and down the water 's edge .  @finally , she was ready to go swimming .@mary got a lot of positive attention .
richard lives in the philippines with his wife and two daughters . his oldest daughter is studying to be a police investigator . his youngest daughter will graduate high school this may . right after micah graduates the family is moving to america . @they are very happy with their trip .@they are very excited for a new life .
john was really bored at work one day . he decided to order a huge amount of marshmallows from online . he also bought a marshmallow gun . he spent hours shooting marshmallows at the birds outside his house . @when he got home , he realized he had forgotten his sunscreen !@john had a lot of stupid fun .
sam decided to go skateboarding on the street . sam was doing well until a car swerved in front of him . sam fell and broke his arm . sam went to the hospital and his arm was put in a cast . @sam had to go to the hospital .@all his friends thought his cast was cool .
the church choir went around town singing christmas carols .  while singing in the park , they encountered a homeless man .  the homeless man seemed very annoyed with their singing .  once he heard o holy night , he sang along with the choir .  @when he got there , he was amazed by the sound .@he started to enjoy himself .
 today , jane made a salad .   the salad had spinach , goat cheese and cranberries .  jane drizzled balsamic over the top . she shared her salad with her sister . @her sister loved the salad .@her sister loved the salad .
mike took his son jon and daughter-in-law pam to the shooting range . he warned them to wear clothes that covered their neck and chest .  if they did n't , hot spent shell casings could fall into their collars .   pam 's shirt did n't have a collar , so a bit of her chest was exposed .  @she called the police and they arrested her .@pam got burns on her chest .
as a boy i really wanted to meet a girl like my mother . but as i grew i found different traits desirable . hanging around other boys made me happy inside . i realized quite quickly that i might be gay . @i went to the store and bought a card .@as an adult i no longer am interested in meeting a girl .
 we were on vacation , visiting great historical sites .  on our last day we went to a mysterious island . the tour guide said this is where political dissidents were exiled .  we decided to explore the island on our own , and left the tour .  @when we got there , we had a lot of fun .@we rented some bicycles and enjoyed traveling around the island .
in 1992 our condo had a kitchen fire . i was cooking a turkey . the grease in the oven caught fire . the fire department put out the fire . @luckily , they were able to fire the fire department .@i was really embarrassed they had to come .
gina 's friend ruth had a friend named jane . gina and her other friends disliked jane . but ruth was always inviting jane to do things with them . the other friends decided to stop inviting ruth . @she was so mad .@ruth became sad .
mariko took her friend julie to try ramen . julie had never had ramen that was n't instant dry noodles before . she eagerly tried the ramen .  it was so good , she ordered a second bowl .  @then , she put the bowl in the bowl .@julie decided it was her new favorite food .
gordy tried making some toast last tuesday morning . he wanted to have a decent breakfast for once . he waited and the bread never warmed . he finally realized that the toaster was n't plugged in . @he did n't know what to do .@he plugged the toaster in .
i was resting on my couch . my two cousins appeared out of nowhere . they raised their water guns . i immediately ran . @i tried to run away .@i went outside and sprayed them with the hose when they followed .
mark had an algebra test coming up .  he wanted to get a good grade , so he studied hard every day .   the day of the test came , and mark earned an a !  his hard work had paid off ! @then he had a great idea .@mark was proud of his efforts .
sam wrote a letter to his mother . he dropped off the letter in the mailbox . he was surprised to find that his mother did not receive his letter . she waited for a month for it to arrive . @when she opened it it was $ 1000 .@sam tried to send his letter again .
the puppy came into the house with its paw bleeding .  one nail was broken , but no one could determine what happened .  the blood drop trail was followed through the back yard . the trail led to a low wire fence . @after a few hours , the fence was full of bugs .@the puppy had been scratching at the fence and hurt itself .
sally bought herself grapes . within a day they were gone . she did n't eat them . she asked her roommates but they all denied eating them . @she decided to make them herself .@sally was confused at what happened to the grapes .
jane met greg in an internet chat room . they agreed to meet at starbucks for coffee . they hit it off surprisingly well . they agreed to meet again the next day . @the next day they went to the park .@jane thought greg might be a potential boyfriend .
blake wanted a car . he searched all over for the best deal . he finally settled on a corvette at a dealership . he bought the car and he instantly fell in love . @now he has a new car and is happy .@blake wanted to show off his new car to everyone .
greg was thinking about his favorite green things . he loved green apples ! he loved green lettuce ! he loved green cars ! @he decided to buy a car .@ suddenly , he realized that he loved red things more ! 
joey 's little sister was bugging him . he thought it might be funny to trip her .  he tripped her , and she started crying .  their mom ran into the room . @the room was broken .@joey spent the afternoon alone in his room grounded from friends .
the other night my husband and i met our friend greg for pizza .  greg ordered a pizza with anchovies , olives , and sun dried tomatoes .  greg offered my husband a slice . neither of them could eat more than one slice because it was so salty ! @they had no idea what to do .@they ended up taking the pizza to go .
lara liked to watch music videos on youtube . one day she was scanning popular music on the website . she found a music video by the artist chris brown that she liked . she felt conflicted because of the reputation of the artist . @she decided to go to the store to buy a new one .@lara decided his personal life did n't matter and enjoyed it .
the light bulb blew in amy 's bathroom .  she went to the kitchen to get another , but they were all gone .  amy went to the store to purchase light bulbs . when she arrived the store was closed . @she decided to go to the store .@amy was upset .
tyler decided to make a new fence for his yard . he worked all day long to dig the holes for the posts .  the next day , he put the posts in .  then he put up the fencing . @he trained for months .@tyler was very pleased with himself .
today was jet 's first day of school . he was very excited but nervous about making friends . he was worried that the other kids would be mean . when he got to school everyone was so nice . @he was so happy .@ jet was surprised , but happy . 
janice notices that she is very tired after work . her coworker suggests that they stop at a bar for a glass of wine . janice and her coworker have a glass of pinot noir and relax . janice feels much better on her walk home . @she is happy that she finally has a dog .@janice relaxes at home and falls asleep .
 every morning my dog , rex , wakes me up by licking my face .  one saturday morning i woke up to find rex nowhere to be found . i looked all over for rex until i found her in the laundry room . there she was licking four adorable newborn puppies . @she could n't wait to return !@we took pictures .
two ships passed in the night . one was british and one was german . they saw each other and both fired their guns . the two ships began taking on water . @suddenly , they realized they were lost .@both ships sank before morning .
greg and his buddies went to the market to order a custom cake . greg told the clerk he wanted a cake shaped like a haunted house . the clerk said they had a few haunted house designs to choose from . greg and his buddies picked one out . @they went to the park together .@they were pleased with the cake the next day when they picked it .
rachel went biking on a mountain trail . she took a less-used route . rachel got lost in the woods the trail was in . she met a park ranger in the woods and they got out . @they had a great time at the park .@rachel felt lucky .
our 19 month old granddaughter loves her uncle joe . it was joe 's birthday yesterday . our granddaughter lives 200 miles away from her uncle . her daddy had make a video wishing her uncle happy birthday . @she decided to make a video of her family .@she had a good time making the birthday video .
i needed gas for my car . i did not have enough money for any gallons . i looked under my couch pillows and in my pockets . i finally found enough change . @i bought a new one .@i was able to get gas for my car .
pat wore his favorite shirt to work . during a break he noticed a thread hanging from his collar . he followed the thread to a rip in the fabric . pat went to a store to buy a sewing kit . @he picked out a pretty blue dress .@he sewed up the rip before it got any bigger .
kim went through her closet and pulled out all her old clothes . she took scissors and cut up all the clothes into strips . she took them and began to sew them to make a dress . kim put on her new dress and wore it around town . @at the end of the day she wore her new dress .@everyone stared at nice dress .
gina and her friends were all talking about the new boy . he had arrived at the school today and received a new desk . now all the students in the class wanted new desks . but there were n't enough . @so she went to the store .@they were jealous of the new boy !
i decided i wanted to go to the park the other day .  after thinking , i decided on which park in town to go to .   after arriving , i set about walking the trails and relaxing .  there were a lot of people out that day ! @i had to go to the hospital .@i would have preferred solitude .
amy was visiting her best friend in phoenix . it was her first time in arizona . she was excited to see the town . she exited the airport and was struck by the heat . @she had to go to the hospital .@amy began to sweat .
tyler loved to sing and play the guitar . he played and sing in church . everyone loved it when he sang . one day tyler made an album . @he was very proud of himself .@everyone bought the album because it was so good .
my wife was coming home early from work last night . i decided to make sandwiches . she usually enjoys them quite a bit . she did n't come home when she said she would . @she went to the store and bought all the supplies .@i kept the sandwiches in the refrigerator until she arrived .
james was sad because all his friends joined band class without him . he begged his mother for permission and money to join but she said no . james got a job with the paper route and saved his money for weeks .  finally , by week 5 of his route he had enough to rent a clarinet .  @the first thing he did , was the best .@ at that point , james was able to join band class . 
joy went to bed hoping for snow . she had a new sled she really wanted to try ! she was overjoyed when she woke up to six inches of snow . she got dressed as quickly as she could . @when she got to her seat she realized she forgot her sunglasses .@joy enjoyed sledding for whole morning .
 james was n't into soccer , but he played it anyways .  he was actually a great player . eventually he was offered a scholarship to play for tcu . he wanted to go to college so he kept playing . @he did n't know what to do .@he went to tcu and graduated .
it was a bright sunny day and the smiths wanted a break . they decided to take a small trip to the beach . just as they arrived clouds came out and it started raining . they decided to stay and play anyway . @when they got there , they realized they had no match .@they had a fantastic time .
 on the fourth of july , the bank held an ice cream party .  a mom took her toddler to it . they stood in line .  when it was their turn , they got a balloon and some ice cream .  @when they were done , they had a great time .@the toddler was very happy about the treats .
i was ill-prepared for my final exam coming up . i decided to make a cheat sheet to use in class .  i was nervous , but needed an a .  i put my cheat sheet in my palm and used it . @when i got it back , i noticed it was broken .@the teacher caught and suspended me .
oscar was a wrestler in high school and practiced every day . during practice he got sweat from other people on him . he ended up coming down with ringworm on his left hand . he went to the doctor to get medicine . @the doctor gave him medicine .@ he had to take his medicine as prescribed , or it would n't work . 
i own five chickens that i keep in a pen to keep them safe . one sunny day i decided to let them wander around on my lawn . they were enjoying themselves when a large hawk swooped down . i saw the hawk grab my favorite hen and i ran after it with a shovel . @i watered it for a while .@the hawk flew away before i knew what to do with the shovel .
bob has heard that yoga will help him reduce his stress . he decides to attend a beginners yoga class .  however , he finds that the poses are difficult and uncomfortable .  one pose even makes his back ache . @one day he decides to shave his head .@bob thinks he should stop trying to do yoga .
harry needed to find a hotel room for a week . barry decided to research on the internet for hotel options .  after selecting two hotel companies , harry had to make a decision .   after comparing , barry decided on a hotel .  @barry went to the hotel and bought a hotel .@harry and ben loved barry 's choice .
cay decided she was too stressed out . she decided she would try to meditate to calm her stress . each morning she sat cross-legged and closed her eyes . then she thought calming thoughts for several minutes . @when she got to the front door , she saw a bear .@this always made her calm and relaxed .
johnny and his mother have been fighting for years . the fight has gone on so long neither one remembers why it started . one day johnny decides to call his mother to tell her he loves her . the decide to put the fight behind them . @they both ended up fighting .@the finally had found peace with each other .
lina 's dentist told her she needed braces . she did n't want them . she was scared everyone would make fun of her .  luckily , after she got them , everyone complimented her on them .  @when she was done , she put them in her mouth .@lina was so relieved !
tom decided to ditch hanging out with our family . he wanted to go on a date with his girlfriend . they went to a restaurant . he found out that she was waiting for another man over there . @he told her that he was going to be late for work .@tom was enraged .
bob wanted to bake a birthday cake for his wife . he mixed all of the ingredients together in a bowl .  then , bob poured the batter into a pan .  he baked the cake for 30 minutes . @when the cake was done , it was delicious !@the cake turned out perfectly .
sarah was typing out an essay for her english class . her laptop started to make a funny noise . the screen turned black . sarah took her laptop to a computer repair shop . @she found a lot of new things .@the shop fixed her computer .
jordan was upset that his favorite show was being cancelled . he had already sent an email to the network .  when that netted no results , he posted on forums .   finally , he realized there was no hope .  @he had to go to the hospital .@jordan gave up .
 when i was a boy , i went to the arcade .  i walked around and looked at all the cool games . i saw one game that really caught my eye . i walked up and put my coins into it . @i put the coins in a bag and placed it on the counter .@i played it until i ran out of money .
tommy wanted to take a trip to florida .  he checked his savings , but did n't have much money .  so he started working and saving as much as he could . within a month he had enough for the trip ! @he was so excited !@so he went to florida .
ed went for a foot massage .  he was nervous , but his feet ached .  the masseuse set him on a stool . then she rubbed his feet expertly . @he had to wear a pair of shoes .@ed 's feet immediately felt better .
greg was almost always a good kid . but one day he was tossing his baseball and was n't paying attention . the ball soared through mr jones ' window and broke it . greg ran and hid so nobody would be angry with him . @the next day , he found out that he was lost .@his mother found out and made him confess .
a couple of my friends took me to an arcade .  in addition to playing arcade games , we played outdoor activities .  this included going on floats with water guns . my friend and i tried to shoot the people on the other floats . @it was a huge hit and we had a great time .@we won the game and received an awesome prize .
neil was traveling through france . he had spent a few days in calais . then he wanted to see the sights in nice . he hopped on a train and journeyed east . @when he got to the beach , he was very tired .@he fell so in love with the scenery that he eventually moved .
rob was driving with his friends . they were driving all night just for fun . when they got to downtown the car started to sputter . it ended up stalling in the middle of an intersection . @she ended up falling on the ground .@they had to push the car .
i stayed in the library all night to study for a chemistry test . by the time the sun started to come up i was exhausted . i struggled to keep my eyes open as i walked to class .  once the tests were handed out , i immediately fell asleep .  @when i woke up , the doctor told me that i was pregnant .@i woke up when the bell rang for class to be over .
kaleb wanted to play basketball . he decided to get into shape .  when basketball season arrived , he tried out for the team .  he did well in the tryouts and made the team . @he was very proud of himself .@kaleb soon became a regular on the team .
travis always stayed up until midnight . he never got a good night of sleep . one night he drank a glass of warm milk . travis went to bed early . @he slept in the morning .@he woke up feeling better than he had in a long time .
martin had a cabin in the woods . he would go to his cabin whenever he wanted to relax . martin decided one weekend to take his friends to the cabin . he and his friends got in a car and took a trip to the cabin . @when they arrived , they had a lot of fun .@they all enjoyed the cabin .
amy awoke in her dark room . she had fallen asleep waiting on dinner . that was 4 hours ago . she went to see if her family had eaten . @it was her brother 's birthday dinner .@amy found out that dinner had been finished for hours .
don fell off of his bike and broke his arm . it was n't a terrible injury but he needed emergency care . they took him to the hospital in an ambulance . they gave him pain meds and used the sirens . @the next day he went to the police station .@ after taking care of don , he was able to heal properly . 
jane visited old navy to purchase new jeans . she was excited by their selection . she chose 9 pair of jeans to try on . to her dismay none of the jeans fit . @she was very upset .@jane left old navy to try jeans on at another store .
it was jane 's 2nd date with jack . as she waited for him to arrive her mother asked when she would return . jane avoided answering her mother 's questions . she was relieved to finally see jack pull into the driveway . @when he came back , she was so happy to see him !@she opened the door and left .
alfred was sitting alone in his room when he heard a strange sound . the sound was getting louder and louder . alfred was too scared to investigate the sound . suddenly the sound stopped . @it turned out to be a bear .@alfred realized it was his dog .
sally loved horses . she always wanted one of her own . her parents said she would get one if she did well in school . sally studied extra hard and made all as . @she passed the test .@she got the horse she always wanted .
i was looking on craigslist and saw a free piano . the person needed to get rid of it and i called him . i got his address and showed up at his house . when i got there i saw the nice piano . @i was very excited .@i picked up the piano and then went home .
nancy wanted to take a nap . nancy decided that she would nap on her lunch break .  after nancy clocked out , nancy went to her car .   once comfortable , nancy fell asleep in her car .  @when she woke up , she saw that her car was broken .@ when nancy woke up , it was time to go home . 
gina was carrying a clean bedspread upstairs . she was carrying it in her arms . she had a hard time keeping it off the floor . her arms were too small to hold the whole bedspread . @she could n't reach the top of the game .@gina folded the bedspread so she could carry it easier .
fred 's english assignment was to write a short story . but he was scared he would fail . he looked at several other short stories for inspiration . and he spent hours and hours writing his story . @when he finished his story , he was very proud of himself .@fred turned in his story and got an a+ .
matt saw a commercial for new shoes . and they had springy looking cushions in the sole . matt thought it would allow him to jump higher . so he begged his mom to get the shoes for him . @her mom said yes .@matt 's mom eventually got him the shoes .
rita was invited to her friend john 's birthday party . rita wanted to look her best for the party . she went to the department store to find a dress . she tried on several dresses of different colors . @finally , she decided on one .@she found a great yellow one .
donald was a big colts fan . he followed the team religiously . his family wanted to surprise him for his birthday . they bought him front row cots tickets . @they had a great time .@donald was thrilled .
dave was shopping for new shoes . the ones he liked were his shoe size but still felt odd . a salesman came and measured his foot to help . they found out dave 's feet are wider than average . @they both have a lot of fun .@they found some e-sized shoes for him which fit well .
i just bought new running shoes . they are comfortable and light . they were on sale .  even though i do n't run much , i still like them .  @i 'm going to get a new one .@i am very proud of my new running shoes .
debbie wanted to be a rock star . after she graduated she moved to la to start a band . she had no money and less experience . she saved up to buy a guitar . @she went to the guitar shop .@debbie practiced every day for four hours .
tiana was so hungry . she decided to buy a burger ! she went to a fast food restaurant and ordered the burger she wanted .  when she received the burger , she ate it immediately .  @it was delicious .@tina was satisfied .
jerry wanted a romantic evening with his girlfriend . he put rose petals by the door . he lit candles throughout the apartment . one of them caught a curtain on fire . @the fire burned out .@jerry burned his house down .
kathryn loved the taste of pineapple . she bought a fresh pineapple from the store . she had no idea how to cut it . kathryn watched a video on the computer that showed how to slice it . @the next day , ann 's mom found out .@she sliced it perfectly the first time .
gina 's dad was near the kitchen window outside . her mother sprayed him through the window with the sink sprayer . soon they were throwing cups of water at each other in the yard . gina and her siblings joined as well . @they were in the basement .@the whole family was wet at the end of the day .
sarah decided to participate in a karaoke contest at her local bar . she wanted to win the prize money but also wanted the accolades . the night of the contest she was nervous and got pretty drunk . luckily she was an even better singer when she was inebriated . @when she got home she realized she forgot her phone .@she won first prize that day .
allison takes a walk every night after dinner to get exercise . nobody ever wants to go with her .  one night , she ran into one of her neighbors .  they walked for over an hour and had the best time talking ! @they had a great time at the party .@allison and her neighbor then made plans to walk more .
ed 's mom could only afford to feed him bologna every day . he hated feeling so poor all the time . then his class did a unit on poverty in asia and india . it really gave ed a new perspective on his situation . @he was able to get a new one .@ed went home and thanked his mom for the food she provided .
georgia was carving a pumpkin .  first she put it on the table , on top of some newspaper .   then , she cut the top off and scraped out all of the seeds .   finally , she used a large knife to carve a face in the pumpkin .  @it was the biggest pumpkin she ever had !@georgia made a great looking pumpkin when she finished .
matt wanted to join the army . he submitted an application . they called him in for a physical . matt went in for his checkup . @the doctor told him he had a virus .@matt was in great physical shape and joined the army .
a group of religious pilgrims took a trip to a shrine . the journey was long and arduous .  on arriving , they found a gift shop there .  this struck them as highly inappropriate . @they had to go to the hospital .@the pilgrims refused to enter the gift shop .
 the day was sunny and warm , a perfect day for a picnic .   mom , james , and renee went to the park .  first they went for a walk . then they had a picnic by the river . @they had a great time .@they all had a good time .
i received a lumbar puncture today .  after hugging a friend of mines , i noticed a huge pain on my back .   although decided to take a nap , the pain did n't go away .   when the pain was unbearable , i decided to go to the emergency room .  @the doctor told me that the pain was broken .@they were forced to operate on me and then i felt better .
danny wanted to build a kite but did n't know how . he asked his grandpa to help him . danny 's grandpa gave him a list of things to get at the store . after getting the items danny and his grandpa worked all afternoon . @rick and his grandpa had a great time at the park .@ at the end of the day , danny and his grandpa flew the kite . 
betsy and her little brother were playing cards . her little brother insisted on shuffling . he had never done it before .  every time he did it , cards went flying everywhere .  @one day , he had a terrible accident .@betsy helped her brother learn to shuffle the cards .
 since it is christmastime , we bought our cats some new toys .   later , we set up our tree .  the cats loved their new toys . they must have thought the tree was another new toy . @they went to the store and bought the tree .@the cats tore through the tree .
jim worked at a sheet factory . he was the best employee there . he asked his boss for a raise . his boss said no . @his boss told him he had to get fired .@jim quit his job and found a new one the next day .
joey was fourteen . he really wanted to shave . he watched his face every week in the mirror . finally he began to grow a beard . @finally , he was able to shave his beard .@joey felt very grown up .
lexi was cutting her toenails . but she did n't clean all of them up when she finished .  while walking to her kitchen later , she stepped on one .  and she could n't believe how careless she was . @her mom told her that it was n't that bad .@she had to ask a doctor to take the toenail out of her foot .
the astronaut sat strapped into his chair .  his face was cold determination , but he was nervous .  he remembered his training and focused on the mission .  the rocket booster began to ignite , this was it .  @he tried to avoid it , but could n't .@the astronaut felt a surge of excitement .
the other day i decided i needed to research javascript classes . sitting down at the computer i began my search on google . it was not long at all before i had results in front of me to help . the chosen result led me to an info page for online classes . @i went to the emergency room and waited for the results .@i was glad i found exactly what i was looking for .
scott loves rock climbing . he competes against himself . he sets personal goals and tries to beat them . last week he set a personal best . @he was very excited .@he went out to dinner with his best friend to celebrate .
allen wanted to chop down the tree in his front yard . he used an axe but it was not quite sharp enough . he found his chainsaw but it ran out of gas .  he kicked the tree with his foot , yelling and screaming .  @he had to go to the hospital .@allen gave up on the idea of chopping down that tree .
james wanted to look cool . he decided to get a mohawk . he shaved his head himself . his mom said he looked dumb . @his mom told him that he needed a change .@james was sad with his mother 's comments .
kelly was excited to watch food network star . she absolutely loved that show . every time she watched it she felt inspired . she felt like she wanted to join one day . @she went to the doctor .@she wrote the food network to see if she could go on the show .
amy woke up feeling lousy from a cold . she decided to go to school in spite of the illness . her classmates all remarked that she looked horrible . amy could barely drag herself from class to class . @she decided to go to the principal 's office .@she decided to take the rest of the day off .
todd was an aspiring artist looking for a new studio . he scoured the internet but came up empty . then he called a realtor who found him one . she took him there . @she was so happy to see him !@todd loved the place on first sight .
daniel likes to write for fun . he writes every night after work . he submitted his story to a publisher . the publisher loved it and offered daniel a job . @daniel decided to become a writer .@daniel is thrilled .
jake was in substantial financial debt . he decided to hire a financial adviser for help . the financial adviser gave jake a budget plan to stick by . jake followed through on the plan by cutting his expenses . @when he got home , he realized that his mturk account was gone .@jake pulled himself out of debt .
ron planted a tree in his backyard to shade his house . but it took years and years to grow .  when ron was old , the tree was tall and beautiful .  and he was proud of himself for taking care of it throughout the year's @one day , a customer came up to him .@ron 's tree would shade others for years to come .
my dog was walking stiffly in the cold .  so , we took him to the vet .   upon examination , the vet diagnosed him with arthritis .  now my dog takes medication . @i have been taking pills for two weeks .@he has been managing it well .
joy loves to grow roses . she waters her roses every day . one day joy saw a red rose opening . she was so happy . @she was so happy .@the rose was perfect .
linda always wanted to learn to ice skate . she asked her mom to sign her up for lesson . she fell over and over again . she kept practicing every day . @one day , she got a terrible score .@linda was determined .
ethan was moving into an apartment downtown . he really did n't consider the changes he 'd make going from a house . so it really hit hard when he set up his drum set . within ten minutes he had five noise complaints . @i called the police .@he soon had to find a house to move to .
a man turned away from his dinner to answer the telephone .  when he turned back , his dinner was gone .   he looked around , and saw his dog quietly sneaking out of the room .  the dog chanced a glance back at the man . @the other man laughed at the dog .@the dog had gravy on his face from the mans dinner .
meghan liked to eat subs at her desk at work .  on tuesday , she purchased a very juicy sub .  she munched on it very loudly .  in the middle of eating , she spilled the sauce on her shirt .  @she had to clean it up .@ when she was done eating , she went to the restroom to clean up . 
there was a boy in gina 's 6th grade class named dave .  it was the first week of school , but gina knew she did n't like him .  he would sit as his desk and giggle goofily . the sound of his goofy giggle made gina 's skin crawl . @she had n't seen him in years .@gina did not like dave .
aya wanted to paint a picture . she bought canvas and paints . then she sat down by a window for inspiration . she began to paint an image of the landscape . @she began to paint the paint on the walls .@aya became famous for her landscape pictures .
tyler wanted a new computer .  however , none of the computers available to buy fit his desires .   so , he decided to build one himself .  he ordered all the parts and got to work . @when he got home , he realized he forgot his wallet .@tyler was computer literate .
alex needed to go to work . she looked at the bus schedule . she saw that there was a bus in five minutes . she walked to the bus stop . @when she got to the bus stop , the bus broke down .@the bus arrived on time and alex got to work .
tim did n't like school very much . his teacher told him he had a test on friday .  if he did n't pass this test , he could not go on the class trip .  tim decided to play with his kites instead of study for the test . @his kite was so high that tim could n't play .@tim was unprepared and failed the test .
i used to drink soda all day . i started to get utis . utis are painful . i had to find a way to make them stop . @i went to the store to buy some .@i cut down on soda until i did n't drink it anymore .
my girlfriend is easily scared . i love watching horror movies . i convinced her to watch one with me . she yelled at one scene and spilled her soda everywhere . @she had to go to the store to buy a new one .@i watched the rest of the movie by myself .
 when stanley was driving , there was a car on the adjacent lane .   when both cars made a turn , his car remained on the right lane .   however , the other car ended up colliding with him .  the cars were hit from the front part . @i had to call a tow truck .@stanley was very upset .
drake loved chipotle . after the e coli outbreak he stopped eating there . however he craved their delicious chicken . drake found a copycat recipe and gave it a try . @he loved the taste of it .@it was yummy !
becca started taking painting classes . she became adept at portraiture quickly . she had a natural talent for painting people 's faces . she painted every member of her family . @one day , her family came to visit .@they were all impressed .
amy decided to make curtains for her living room . she sewed for hours to complete the job . when she was finished she hung the curtains .  the seams were off , and the hem was lopsided .  @i had to throw it away .@amy decided to hire a professional .
rachel loved to play on her piano . one day she was paid to play at a romantic event . she lit candles and put them on her piano . the candles started to burn low . @the candles were burnt .@she caught them before they burned her piano .
lisa was at the beach . and she saw someone flying a kite . it looked like a lot of fun . so lisa bought a kite of her own . @but she did n't know how to use it .@lisa broke her kite when a seagull got tangled in the line .
nell saw a girl with a cast on her arm at the park . nell 's mom watched as her daughter made a new friend .  later , nell brought the girl over to show her mom something .  nell had smeared dandelions on the cast to paint it yellow . @when she was done , nell took a deep breath .@nell 's mom thought it was very nice .
larry had a big crush on his teacher . he knew it was pointless but constantly found himself staring . one day she caught him . he was really embarrassed . @he did n't know what to do .@he vowed to stop staring .
 when i woke up in the morning , i went downstairs .  i smelled the smoke coming from the turkey .  i also smelled ham , macaroni and cheese and lasagna .  my mom finished cooked everyone and asked me to sit down . @i told her i did n't want to go .@i sat down and continued to enjoy the smells from the kitchen .
barry preferred classical music to modern music . his husband preferred rock music . the two could not agree on what to play during dinner . they decided to flip a coin . @the coin was amazing .@barry won the coin toss .
joe woke up one day and looked in the mirror . he noticed he had really put on some extra weight .  joe sighed , and forced himself to step on the scale .  he noticed he had gained nearly 40 pounds the past year . @he decided to try to quit .@joe decided to go on a diet .
i was walking around at a mall . there was a young lady walking in front of me .  all the sudden , she fainted to the floor .   i knelt beside her , and stayed with her until she came to .  @the next day , i took her to the vet .@she asked me to call an ambulance .
ted wished for a drum set for christmas . he wrote a letter to santa to ask for the drums he wanted . ted behaved really well to ensure he 'd get his wish . christmas eve came and he was worried santa may not come . @santa told him he had to wait until christmas eve .@ted was relieved when santa brought him exactly what he wanted .
yesterday there was record snowfall . four feet of snow came on the ground . kelly hoped for a snow day . thankfully the school was canceled . @kelly was thrilled .@kelly jumped for joy .
john wanted to be on the track team for his high school . he wanted to run the dashes but was n't a fast starter . he could run for hours at a steady pace but just not very fast . his coach recommended that he runs the mile instead of sprints . @the coach told him that he 's going to lose weight .@john made the track team and won .
jo could n't take his ratty apartment anymore . he looked at housing ads and went on several apartment tours . jo finally found one he liked and could afford . jo packed up his stuff and moved into his new apartment . @when he got home , he realized he forgot his wallet .@jo enjoyed time at home much more after his move .
i called carly to ask her on a date . i got her voicemail . i texted her that we should talk soon .  she texted me back , asking why we should talk soon .  @i told her that she was a good worker .@i told her i liked her .
jason loved his old shoes . he was wearing them when the sole fell off . he tried to glue them back on . what a mess he made . @he decided to clean it up .@he had to buy new ones .
cindy was reading a story about a dog . but she never liked dogs .  as she kept reading , however , she became attached to the dog .   in the end of the story , the dog died .  @she had to go to the hospital .@cindy cried at the end of the story .
greg hated taking the trash out . he decided not to do it . the trashcan was overflowing in just a few days .  finally , his father put the trash on his bed .  @the next day , his mom found out and grounded him .@after taking out the trash his bed still smelled .
ann woke up in the middle of the night . she was thirsty and wanted a drink of water . she tiptoed into the kitchen and got a drink .  but then she accidentally dropped the glass , which shattered !  @anna was so disappointed !@ann quickly cleaned up the broken glass and threw it away .
jane was going to a halloween party . she decided to go as a witch . she drove to work in the rain .  she she stepped out of the car , she was splashed by another car .  @her car was totaled .@jane was starting to feel she had witch 's curse reversal powers .
eileen was the new kid in school . she did not have many friends because she was shy .  one day at lunch , a girl invited her to sit at her table .  eileen decided that she would . @she went to the mall .@eileen and the girl became friends .
i went to the store hoping to buy some chips . but i could n't decide what i wanted there were so many to choose from !  do i get potato chips , doritos , fritos , maybe pretzels ?   finally , i knew what i wanted .  @i went to the store and bought all the supplies .@i wanted the pretzels .
aya wanted to be a chef . she decided to test her skills . she cooked her family a huge dinner . then she asked them if they had enjoyed it . @they told her they could n't afford it .@they all told her that they enjoyed it very much .
nick was at a baseball game during the evening . he stepped up to the plate so that he could bat . the pitcher threw a fastball at him . nick saw the ball and hit it for a home run . @nick shot the ball .@nick ran the bases with a big smile on his face .
johnny is excited to have a big party this weekend in his backyard . he decides to grill food for his guests in case they are hungry . johnny grills chicken thighs that he has brushed with oil . his guests are very happy with the grilled chicken . @his guests love his cooking .@they remarked how tasty the chicken was .
kaylie and martin had finally set their wedding date . kaylie was eagerly awaiting the big day .  the day of the wedding , martin was nowhere to be found .   kaylie , her family and friends were devastated .  @she decided to try it .@kaylie decided martin was not faithful .
mom got dressed up and dad met her at the door . they went out for a date tonight . the fancy restaurant was perfect . their meal was delicious . @however to her dismay , the food was disgusting .@they both agreed it was a wonderful date .
lucy went to the local sports parade . at the parade there were several different groups selling snacks .  feeling hungry , lucy purchased a candy apple for $ 3 .   clumsily , lucy ended up dropping her candy apple .  @she was so upset .@she then had to purchase another candy apple .
ella wanted to be a comedian . one night her local comedy club had an amateur night . ella decided to try it out . she went onstage and told her jokes . @the audience laughed at her .@the audience 's laughter told ella she should pursue her dream .
archibald notices that his skin is red and inflamed . he goes to his doctor and learns that he has a rash . he applies ointment every day to soothe the rash . eventually the rash begins to go away . @lucas is happy he finally got the tooth .@finally the rash disappears completely .
kelly really wanted a tattoo . she begged her parents but they said no .  as a result , she went and got one anyway .   when she got home , her parents found out .  @they grounded her for a month .@kelly was grounded for a week .
sarah is a ballet teacher . she teaches a class of small children . she wanted to teach the children to dance for a pageant .  it was a lot of work , but all the children were happy to do it .  @they had a lot of fun .@sarah was proud of her children .
blake loved to go hiking . he would always take his favorite boots when he went hiking .  one day , blake went on a really rough hike .  he stepped through jagged rocks and rugged terrain . @all of a sudden , he realized he was lost .@blake felt lucky to have such good boots .
terry 's daughter was in extreme pain in her mouth .  after an evaluation , terry realized that her daughter was teething .   once terry realized she was teething , terry administered medication .   after the medication , terry placed teething gel on the baby 's teeth .  @the baby began to feel better .@terry got the baby to calm down .
christian wanted to eat something quick before school . he went into the kitchen and poured some cereal .  when he was pouring the milk , he spilled it all over the table .  christian got mad because he had to clean all of it up . @the next day , he went to the store to buy more clothes .@christian was worried he was going to be late for school .
i was really sick last week . work did n't want to give me any days off . i got home one day and noticed my girlfriend was there . she made me soup and brought me medicine . @she gave me a bath .@i started to feel better .
kevin had recently fallen ill and was hospitalized . he stayed a few weeks in the hospital before he got better .  when he got home he received a bill for $ 100,000 .  kevin did not have any health insurance . @he went to the doctor .@ kevin declared bankruptcy , 
anna was undergoing chemotherapy . her hair thinned and then fell out . her mom bought her a bright bandana . anna loved it and wore it everywhere . @one day she woke up to a surprise .@anna regained her confidence by wearing her bandana .
lane wanted a puppy . he did n't know where to find one . he asked his friend to help him . they both went to a shelter and lane found a dog . @the dog was very friendly and friendly .@lane promptly adopted the puppy .
ray had so much halloween candy ! he did n't know what to do with it all . then he had a great idea . he donated the candy to a local shelter . @when the candy was done , he went home .@all the homeless people were happy to get a treat .
last week a group of friends decided to go on a hike . they went to a mountain nearby . they followed a popular trail and set out for the day . the walk was exhausting but worth it . @she was so happy to have a new dog .@they felt good .
morgan and timothy were having an argument . morgan thought that all of the beatles ' music was good . timothy thought their early stuff was not very good . morgan made her case by simply playing a few songs . @when she got home , she was very happy .@timothy realized morgan was probably right about the music .
my dad tried to buy a car yesterday . he went to the local dealership . he had some ideas in mind . but the dealer kept pushing other options . @finally , the dealer decided to give up .@ dad got what he wanted , though . 
a mariachi band decided to take a road trip . only the vihuela player had a car . it could n't fit everyone 's instruments .  crestfallen , the band went to a movie instead .  @it was the best birthday ever .@everyone was very disappointed .
the lady 's at gina 's grandma 's church cooked for them . after the funeral they had the food all set up . gina had the best fried chicken of her life that day . she also discovered sweet hawaiian bread . @she went to the local farmer 's market .@she thanked the lady profusely .
carly is a huge disney fan . she plans to take her children on a surprise trip to disney world . she tells her children that she is taking them to see their uncle .  unenthusiastic , the children follow their mother to the car .  @when they got to the car , it was a surprise .@ on the way , she reveals the surprise to her delighted children . 
lily and pam were popular girls in school . they invited joy to a diner after school . joy was not popular and lily and pam knew it . they invited her just to bully her when they got there ! @they had a great time at the dance !@joy had brought a gun and shot both the bullies in the face .
my old job kept asking too much of me . every wednesday there was a ton of new work . i could never catch up and each week got worse . eventually i got too far behind and had to quit . @i did n't know what to do .@i will look for a new job .
gina 's cd player was broken . but she had a tape deck . the tape deck was more work than the cd player . if she wanted to hear a song again she had to rewind the tape . @she went to the song to get it checked out .@gina bought a new cd player .
frank was practicing bike tricks in his driveway one day .  penny and bo were walking down the sidewalk , near frank 's house .  frank tried a really hard trick to impress them . he caught his foot in the spokes and flipped over the handlebars . @he broke his ankle .@frank made a fool of himself .
roy got up early and went to the box office . he stood in line for hours to get to the front . he put down a stack of money and asked how many tickets he can get . the cashier gave him 15 tickets . @he bought the ticket and went home .@roy went home with the tickets .
derrek wanted to buy a piano . he started working odd jobs to earn money . derrek kept the extra money he earned in a special bank account . he worked for months to earn enough money . @finally he had enough money to buy a car .@derrek was finally able to buy the piano .
mary ate pudding every day .  she ate it for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .  one day she ran out of pudding . she then decided to become a chef . @she made a salad and a salad .@mary loved sweets .
i decided to join a poker tournament . it was a $ 100 buy in . i played very smart .  i was on the last table , head to head .  @suddenly , i heard a loud crash .@i eventually won .
zeke was about to go on a date with his girlfriend .  but , his parents suddenly pulled into his driveway .  they wanted to surprise him by coming to meet him for the weekend .  at first , zeke was sad because he wanted to see his girlfriend .  @eventually , he decided to ask her out .@later she stopped by and they all had dinner together .
roger broke both of his legs . he hated being stuck in a wheelchair . he saw a couple guys outside physical therapy in wheelchairs . they told him all about wheelchair races . @on the day of the race he was nervous .@roger loved racing so much that he accepted his wheelchair .
my friends and i were at the park . we had a basketball but were looking for a court .  at the end of the park , we found a court .  we took out our balls and played for an hour . @when we were done we went home .@my friends and i had a lot of fun playing and then went home .
today is andy 's birthday . andy wants a chocolate cake for his birthday party .  but , andy 's mom forgot to pick up eggs from the grocery store .  andy has to eat salad instead of chocolate cake . @he is very happy to have something to eat .@andy was not happy !
howard is a senior . he feels a lot of bittersweet thoughts . he holds a senior party with all of his friends . they all enjoyed it and drank a lot . @they had a lot of fun .@howard liked socializing .
 chevy rounded up his friends , and was ready to seek revenge .   the group went to the house of his enemy , and went looking for him .   they beat up many of the man 's friends , but the man himself got away .   chevy was injured during the process , but vowed to eventually get him .  @at the end of the day , he was very nervous .@chevy chased him down and beat him up eventually .
bill called a customer service line to complain about his bank . he was put on hold for 30 minutes . during this time bill got madder and madder . suddenly the phone clicked and bill 's call was dropped . @bill 's phone was broken .@bill called the number again and yelled until he was satisfied .
stephanie realized that some money was gone from her drawer . when she brought it up to her manager they investigated . it turned out that one of her coworkers was stealing money . she thought it was a waste because they were tipped so well . @she decided to try them on .@the manager fired the stealing employee .
jenna needed clothes for school . she took her allowance money and met up with friends at the mall . they walked inside and looked for shops they liked . jenna and her friends walked through the mall for hours . @they decided to go to the mall .@jenna 's friends loved shopping .
doug was famished after a hard day 's work . he did n't feel like cooking so he decided to dine out . doug wanted to end the day with a fulfilling meal . he spotted a sign to an all-you-can-eat buffet . @when he got to the restaurant , he realized he had no food .@doug decided to try the buffet .
rick was running an obstacle course . the first obstacle was a series of hurdles . rick fell on the first hurdle . rick ended the race in last place . @when the race ended , the race was over .@rick felt shame for losing so badly .
the dogs romped in the deep snow . the snow was so deep that the smaller dog disappeared in a drift . the bigger dog looked confused and began to dig . the smaller dog ran out from behind the drift . @the dog began to bleed .@both dogs happily continued to play in the snow .
gina 's teacher was upset with her . she had hit a boy who snapped her bra strap . gina explained that he started the fight . but her teacher did n't care . @she decided to take a break .@her teacher sentenced her to detention .
it was gracie 's big day . she was turning 16 ! her family threw her a huge party . she ate lots of cake and snuck her parents ' wine . @at the end of the day , the girls had a great time .@her parents were very upset when they found out .
noah was working as a waiter . one day he saw that a customer had left his wallet on the chair . noah decided not to steal the wallet .  instead , he called the customer to come and get it .  @the customer told him that it was a bad idea .@the customer thanked noah .
stuart had three days off work . he wanted to go hunting during that time . stuart invited his friends to a hunting trip . they all went deer hunting for two days . @they had a great time .@ after the trip , stuart felt much better . 
jeff wanted to beat his mile run record of 6 minutes . so he practiced running every day . he ate more fruits and vegetables . and he felt much better . @he decided to take a break .@jeff beat his old record and was happy .
my friend andrea and i went to the movies last week . we got big buckets of popcorn and saw magic mike . the movie was hysterical . people in the theater were laughing and having a great time . @the movie was a success .@we went home and decided that was a favorite movie of ours ' .
evan was starting high school . he was very nervous . he feared no one would talk to him . but then he found that all the students were very kind to him . @one day , he decided to take a break .@evan decided he liked high school .
my friend and i could n't remember the name of an actor . we kept coming up with the wrong name . eventually we both came up with different answers . we bet on who was right . @we won the game .@i won the bet .
anna and aidan were playing cards one night . then aidan suggested they play board games . anna thought it 'd be boring .  she agreed anyway , and she was glad she did .  @the next day , the two went to the park together .@she realized she loved board games .
abigail 's cat jumped out of her arms and ran down the road . the skittish cat saw a dog and ran up a tree . the cat was stuck and could not get down .  abigail called the fire department , and they came right away .  @they had to go to the emergency room and get some food .@abigail was relieved to get her kitty out of the tree .
tim took an arts and crafts class . he was awful at it .  he could n't make paper hats , necklaces , or bracelets .  he decided to keep trying . @he ended up having a good time .@tim 's skills improved over time .
ophelia had always known it was important to save money . she decided one day to open up a savings account at her bank . she took some money from her checking account to open up the account . her banker congratulated her on taking the first step toward saving . @she was relieved to find that she had lost her balance !@ophelia feels proud of herself .
amanda dropped her phone in the water . she picked the phone up . she tried to turn the phone on . the phone did not work . @the phone rang .@amanda had to get a new phone .
ed was playing baseball in his yard . he swung the bat and hit the ball . then he flinched . the ball had shattered the neighbor 's window ! @the neighbor had the ball .@ed was scared .
in had been ten years since ted was in high school .  he was bullied every day by joel , the all star jock .   ted 's life is better now , he really has everything he could want .  as he was sitting down for lunch he saw a guy wiping tables . @he asked if there was anything that he wanted .@ted smiled when he saw it was joe .
gina was at her uncle 's house out of state . her parents were in the living room playing music . in the kitchen there was a beer can on the counter . she thought about taking a sip . @she decided to try it .@she decided it would be wrong to drink it .
margaret had a favorite teddy bear .  one day , her dog tore it apart .  margaret was heartbroken . her mother got to work sewing the bear back up . @the bear ran away .@margaret cherished the repaired bear .
i promised my wife i would learn to water ski . we went with her family out to the lake .  when it was my turn to ski , i was too afraid .  i made up a story about my legs hurting . @i tried to ignore it but it did n't work .@i felt like a true coward .
my wife always packs more than she needs . she carries a lot of heavy luggage . i usually have to help her as well . it 's hard to carry . @i do n't know what to do .@we manage .
sam was walking home . it began to get dark . sam got scared . he did n't know what to do . @he decided to do something about it .@sam curled into a little ball of fear right there in the street .
gina 's grandma had made up beds for everyone . gina 's siblings slept with their grandma . there was no room for gina in that bed . her parents slept together in her mother twin bed . @when the baby was born , they went to bed .@gina decided to sleep on the couch alone .
last saturday i decided to volunteer at the nursing home . to my surprise it was very fun . i played some checkers with the folks and read to them . the residents seemed to enjoy my company greatly . @i went to the store and bought a new car .@i plan to go back every week .
mary and sally decided to go on a vacation together .  after looking at a travel website , then decided on a cruise .  they went on a cruise to the bahamas in april . both girls had a wonderful time on the cruise . @they had a great time on their cruise .@they both came back perfectly relaxed .
jackson is a painter . he often paints portraits for family members . one day a friend approaches him and asks him to paint his mother . jackson happily obliges . @his mother told him it was a good idea .@jackson 's friend loves the painting .
jerry and stacey had been dating for a few months . he knew he loved her but was shy about saying it . he finally mustered up enough courage and told her . she told him she loved him as well . @he did n't know what to do .@jerry and stacey remembered this day for the rest of their lives .
i went to a renaissance fair with my friends .  at the fair , there was a petting zoo !  we went inside to see the animals . i got to pet so many wonderful animals . @i had a great time .@i will always cherish that day .
jamie was excited to try a new haircut . it turned out worse than expected . he had no way of getting it fixed . he wore a hat for the next week . @when he got home his hat was gone .@jamie was very embarrassed .
gina had severe indigestion . she knew this was all her fault . she had eaten way more than she could hold . now it was coming back up . @gina realized she was going to be late to work .@gina had to take the day off from school .
gina told her mother she lost her key .  it was an accident , but that did n't matter .  it was irresponsible of her to lose the house key .  her dad gave her his key , and he would have a new one made .  @he went to the store and bought a new battery .@her mother punished her for losing the key .
felicia enrolls at the local university to study accounting .  she encounters many challenges , including difficult tests and work .   after working very hard on her courses , felicia earns her degree .  she packs up her things to move to her first job in new york city . @she is happy that she finally has a job .@felicia is excited to begin a new life .
avery needed to get to work . she wanted to take the bus or a cab .  she found she had no money , credit cards or tokens .  she realized that she had no options but to walk . @she decided to walk to the park .@avery put on her shoes and began her trek .
nate was going to buy a new car . he went to a dealership last week .  nate spent hours there , haggling with several different salespeople .   eventually , he just gave up .  @he had a great time .@nate decided to buy a bicycle instead .
my wife was pregnant with my son . one day she said it was time to have the baby . i took her to the doctor where they got her ready . she was in labor for several hours with my son . @when we got to the hospital , the baby was born .@afterwards i got to meet my son .
tammy went for lunch at a cafe .  there , she bought french fries and a soda .  she ate them both happily . she paid a reasonable price for her meal . @jill was happy with her purchase .@tammy was pleased with lunch .
joe and his neighbor supported different candidates . they put up yard signs to show their support .  it became a bitter war , with new signs added daily .   after the election , the neighbors met outside .  @it was a great experience .@they could n't put aside their differences and stabbed each other .
john fell asleep at his desk during class .  when he awoke , he was all alone !  he ran out into the hall in a panic . his class was waiting for him there . @when he got to the front desk , there was a note .@john was embarrassed and vowed to never fall asleep again .
patty was excited about having her friends over . she had been working hard preparing the food . she also had the place looking spotless . all of her friends arrived and were seated at the table . @the girls had a great time .@patty had a great time with her friends .
erica had a coupon for a dozen doughnuts . erica decided to take them to work . erica 's coworkers were surprised that she brought doughnuts . the co workers thanked erica for her kindness . @erica left the office feeling satisfied .@erica was happy to help her co workers .
maya was afraid that she was too old to have a family . she dreamed of meeting the perfect man and having kids . finally she joined a dating service to try to meet the right man . she met a great guy who eventually asked her to marry him . @she said yes .@maya said yes .
angelina wants to make an apple pie . she has the apples but they need to be peeled . she starts peeling . finally they are all peeled . @they go to the mall .@angelina finishes making the apple pie .
ana was walking home from school one afternoon . she was texting on her phone as she walked .  not paying attention , and walked right into a telephone pole !  she split her lip open quite badly . @she had to go to the emergency room .@ana also got splinters in her lips !
amy was moving to her new apartment . she took weeks to pack up her things in her apartment . when moving day came her brother said he could no longer help her move . amy called a moving company to move her things . @she was happy to be able to move back home .@amy was pleased with the moving company .
casey owned a private beach . people always wanted to come lay in the sun there . casey had a marvelous idea to charge people to enter . he made thousands from tourists willing to pay for access ! @he was able to get a better job .@he purchased another private beach .
eric hired a clown to entertain guests for his son 's birthday party . the clown arrived 20 minutes late to the party . the clown 's stunts were really mundane . the guests were not entertained whatsoever . @i decided to try something new .@eric wrote a bad review on the clown online .
kelsey was due to get a new phone . she did a lot of research and selected the perfect one for her . she went to the store and bought it .  unfortunately , she immediately dropped the phone .  @the screen shattered .@kelsey was upset to find that her phone broke .
sally went to the blueberry patch with her basket . sally walked through the rows of blueberry bushes . she picked blueberries until her basket was full . she ate some of the fresh berries as she picked . @when she got home , she realized she forgot her sunscreen !@sally loved blueberries .
we went on tower of terror while at disney . my wife decided to go on even though she hates rides . she was so nervous the whole time in line . once we got on the ride the panic started . @the ride was amazing .@she was so scared that she screamed during the whole ride .
 neil took a chartered drive up to broome , australia .  he used it as a launching point for the outback . he hired a guide to take him on an outback tour . its emptiness and glory silenced him . @his boss fired him .@neil had a new appreciation for the outback .
we moved to cambridge in 2013 . our cat came to the new place first . she was unfamiliar with the new home . she hid in the kitchen cabinet for hours as we moved . @when we got home , we had a nice dinner .@we were finally able to coax the cat out with treats .
pat liked to spend time online . he downloaded many files without being careful .  one day , his computer stopped working .   pat brought it to a computer technician , who told him he had a virus .  @pat took the computer to a repair shop .@pat asked the technician to remove the virus .
bill used to always love going to cape cod . he loved being by the ocean . but he also loved all the fresh fish . he would always go to same restaurant . @one day he went to the restaurant .@ he liked to order the   catch of the day .   
alice was pregnant . she went to the doctor 's . they scanned her stomach with the ultrasound . then they told her the sex of her baby . @her baby was born .@ she decided on the name   pat   for her new baby . 
i was on a cruise . we went to haiti . i did not wear enough sunscreen . i got a horrible sunburn . @i went to the doctor .@i swore to always wear sunscreen in the future .
pat was playing a pick up soccer game . the other boys were playing rougher than he was used to . one boy slide tackled pat as he was going in for a goal . pat landed on his wrist and felt a snap . @he had to go to the hospital .@pat had to go to the hospital .
the awards ceremony began . the manager announced the awards for all of his employees . everyone believed that jane would receive the most outstanding award .  however , the manager gave the award to hannah .  @the teacher told hannah that she was a good student .@jane was crushed .
joe was at home enjoying an adult beverage . suddenly a loud crashing sound came from the back yard . joe rushed out to discover a tree had fallen . he put away the drink . @the drink was too hot .@joe went to inspect the damage .
it was christmas morning .  amy was opening her gifts hurriedly , looking for the special one .  then she saw the last box in the corner . she quickly ripped off the wrapping paper . @then , she put it in the box .@it was a the new doll she asked her mother for .
ana 's family was all visiting her house for christmas . suddenly a snow storm rose up and the weather grew bad . two feet of snow fell ! ana 's family was all snowed in at her house . @they were having a lot of fun .@ they had a happy , but cramped holiday . 
i had a really good air conditioner . i never cleaned the filter .  one day , it stopped working .  i got really hot . @i had a lot of fun .@i regretted having not cleaned the filter .
lily was at the nearby mall with friends when she saw nick jonas . she was immediately shocked and could n't believe it . nick smiled at her and gave her an autograph . lily was elated . @she was really excited .@lily posted what had happened to all the social media sites .
my son has always been very bright .  however , he is not very good at doing his homework .   last trimester , he almost failed three of his classes .  he had to work very hard to get his grades back up by term 's end . @he was very proud of his hard work .@ but after working hard , he managed to pass . 
i got bullied in school because of my teeth .  i cried home to my mom , and she called the dentist .   i soon got braces , and kept them for 4 year 's .   after i removed them , everyone told me i was beautiful .  @i realized that i should have listened to them .@i was glad that i got braces .
alice was a dog trainer . she never came across a dog she could n't help .  one day , a man brought a dog named henry to alice .  henry was very withdrawn due to a bad first owner . @he did n't know what to do .@alice worked with him and he became more obedient .
yasmine was all alone with a migraine . she did not know what to do or how to make the pain go away . she remembered what her mother used to do for her during migraines . she went to the sink and prepared a warm towel . @then , she put the towel in the washer .@she pressed the towel to her forehead .
pam loves music . she especially likes to collect vinyl records . she has over 100 records . pam is now going to the record store . @she is very excited .@she was happy to find a rare album she had been looking for .
ronald noticed that his kitchen sink was draining very slowly .  he could n't afford to hire a plumber , so he decided to fix it himself .  ronald bought two bottles of drain cleaner at the store . pouring the drain cleaner into his sink fixed the problem . @he had to clean it up .@ronald was glad he had n't called the plumber .
may was training to run a mile in under five minutes . she had trained for months and was pushing her body 's limits . she began ignoring her soreness and kept running for days .  one day , she felt so sore she could n't move but kept running .  @she went to the store and bought a new pair of shoes .@may achieved her goal of running the mile in under five minutes .
it was my first day at work and i was so nervous . i started sweating as i entered the office . my supervisor noticed that i was tensed and asked me for lunch . we went on a team lunch and i made friends there . @we had a lot of fun .@i had a great time .
mary had exited the airplane and headed toward the luggage carousel . she knew it would take a little time before she spotted her suitcase . she waited patiently while others picked their luggage off the rack . after no sign of her suitcase she asked a worker . @the worker told her she had to call a locksmith .@the worker found her suitcase and gave it to her .
mia had taken a long time at the store picking out the perfect gift . she finally approached the register .  to her dismay , she found she was five dollars short in cash !   after putting the item back , she started walking out of the store .  @when she got home , she realized she had forgotten her wallet !@mia was upset she could n't buy the gift .
george was really nervous mary would turn him down .  still , he decided to ask her if he can take her to dinner .   mary said yes , with a large smile on her face .   they got along great , and had a wonderful dinner together .  @when they got home , they had a great time .@george is excited for his second date with mary .
leah wanted her driver 's license . she studied her road test manual . then she went to take the test . she concentrated and focused very hard . @at the end of the day , she was able to graduate .@leah finally obtained her driver 's license .
frank tried out for the wrestling team at school . he did not make the team though . the coaches said that he needed to put on some more muscle . frank spent the next year in the weight room working hard . @frank was very proud of his progress .@ the next year , frank made the team . 
a friend picked me up from the bus station . we rode in his car for a while to his home . when we were nearing it i asked if i could smoke . he said that i could not but people do n't listen anyway . @i asked my friend if i could hang out with him .@my friend did n't like people smoking in the car .
jim was teaching his son to ride a bike . at first he taught the boy with training wheels . then he removed the wheels . jim was so happy he almost cried to see his son peddling . @when he got home , he realized that his son had stolen his car .@this was jim 's proudest moment as a parent .
tina really wanted the exclusive birkin bag . no store in the country had it in stock . hence she was forced to go and fly to paris to get it . thankfully she found one in paris for a good price . @she bought it .@tina saved enough on the bag to pay for the flight to paris .
ken needed extra money so he got a part time job . his job was washing dishes at a local wendy 's . one day his friend called and invited him to a party . the party was at the same time as his work shift . @all of a sudden the power went off .@he decided to call in sick .
i wanted to hang out with my friend today . she was acting a little suspicious .  however , i assumed that she was normal .  eventually she said goodbye to me in a rude manner . @i ended up getting mad .@i told her that i will see her later .
an elderly female customer asked where infrared heaters were located . she was disappointed that all of our infrared heaters were electrical . she wanted it keep her warm after terrorists destroy the power grid . she thought this meant isis was coming to burn down the power poles . @she decided to take a break .@the elderly customer was quite amusing .
nina practiced her bowling every week . her league had a contest coming up .  when the contest day came , she was prepared .  she bowled all strikes and spares . @finally , she won the contest !@it was one of her best games .
larry decided to write his girlfriend a love letter . he wanted to let her know how much she meant to him . he started out writing about how they met .  in addition , he talked about her character and her positive qualities .  @the next day , he asked her out on a date .@ he asked her to marry him , and she said yes . 
hank began to clean out his closet . he made a pile of wire hangers that he did n't need . hank thought that he should recycle all the extra wires . he took them to the junkyard and sold them for scrap . @he put them back in his pocket .@hank got a few dollars .
dave decided one day he wanted to go see a hockey game . he ordered a few tickets . he then invited some of his friends .  they all went to the game , and had a good time  @they had a great time playing basketball together .@dave was glad he went .
it was suzys first day of summer camp . she was afraid to be away from home for the first time . thankfully she made some good friends . at the end of the summer she did not want to leave . @she had to go to the hospital .@she vowed to keep in touch with her new friends .
anna went to an animal rights protest . she told people about animal rights issues . she asked for donations . a lot of people listened to her and donated money . @she was able to buy a new one .@anna used the money to help abused animals .
tina wanted to play a prank on her sister . tina set her sister 's alarm clock 3 hours ahead . the next morning her sister got up 3 hours early . when she realized what had happened she was very mad . @she called the police .@tina 's sister vowed to get even .
i had saw a bunny on craigslist . i called to go an pick her up . we arrived at the house . i saw my new bunny for the first time . @i was very excited .@i took my new bunny home and loved it .
i 'm all set for valentine 's day . i bought flowers early . i made sure to get fresh chocolates today . i made reservations at a nice restaurant months ago . @when i got to the restaurant , i was greeted by a girl .@it should be a very fun night .
mark has spent years without a girlfriend . he tried meeting someone to date without any success .  finally a friend introduces him to carol , and they arrange a date .  mark and carol have a nice night out at a restaurant . @they decide to go to a local restaurant .@mark and carol arrange a second date .
walter wanted to travel . he decided to plan a trip .  after researching , he picked a destination .  a week before his trip a hurricane struck . @he had to go to the hospital .@walter had to cancel his plans .
timothy had an urge to eat sweets . he was looking everywhere for something sweet to eat . he found what he was looking for . it was a gigantic cupcake his mom made . @she wanted to go to the party .@timothy eat the cupcake in one big bite .
mick went fishing by himself one morning . he sat in his boat thinking calm thoughts . he got no tugs on his line .  in fact , he caught nothing at all all day !  @he was so happy that he had to go to college .@ mick sent home relaxed , but empty-handed . 
mark 's parents had an announcement . they were going to have a baby . mark was mad and went to his room .  when the baby cam , mark went up to him .  @he told mark that he did n't know what to do .@mark wanted to meet the baby .
every summer my son 's grandma plants a beautiful garden .  often times , she will ask for my son 's help to pick out flowers .  they take a full morning to drive to the store and peruse the choices .  in the end , he picks out pretty purple and pink flowers just for her .  @he is very happy that he bought her flowers .@my son loves his grandma .
rex notices that he has trouble seeing objects that are far away . he decides to have his eyes tested . the eye doctor tells rex that he needs to start wearing glasses . rex finds that he loves his new look with glasses . @he decides he needs glasses .@rex wears his glasses everyday .
john wanted to be a movie star ! he bought a wig and sunglasses . his mother recorded him acting in his costume ! he was very entertaining ! @he was so happy that he fell asleep .@john eventually moved to hollywood .
john was afraid to go to school on monday . he had not completed his science project . john lied to his parents that he was sick . his parents knew that john was lying . @one day , he decided to tell his parents .@ his parents made him go to school , and he got an f in science . 
tim had a dentist appointment today . he was going to get his wisdom teeth pulled . his dentist numbed his gums . his wisdom teeth popped out instantly . @he was very happy .@it was less hassle than he thought it would be .
ashley was packing all her belongings . she was moving far away to a new city . she was really upset about leaving her friends . however she got on the train with her suitcases anyways . @she ended up in the middle of the road .@she thought about her friends during the train ride .
the chief received the food from the waiter . he prepared his utensils .  after taking the first bite , he immediately threw up .  the waiter was fired and kicked out of the restaurant . @the waiter told the waiter that the food was worth it .@the waiter had spit into the chief 's food .
jamaal had an intense craving for a lobster dinner . he checked his wallet and realized he did n't have money for that . jamal decided he would just try and steal a lobster from the market . he ran straight to the seafood section and put his hands in the tank . @after a few minutes , the fish came back and forth .@one of the lobsters pinched his hand causing him to scream .
two countries were competing for resources and global recognition . the two countries disagreed on some fundamental issues . one country declared war on the other and invaded . the two countries fought for many year 's . @this year they decided to become a pilot .@both countries were ravaged by war .
ava spent her last dollar on a bottle of coke . she twisted off the top and drank deeply . then she checked the prize code under cap . her eyes widened with surprise . @it was delicious !@ava was glad to have just won five dollars .
bill was not the most confident driver . it was time for him to take his road test for his license . he had a little trouble backing out of the parking space . after that it went great . @it was a great experience .@bill received his license that day .
 bob had very long legs , and sally was having a hard time keeping up .   she was too proud to say anything , but she 'd fallen far behind .  bob stopped in mid-sentence when he realized he was talking to air . he looked back and realized what had happened . @he called the police .@bob took shorter steps so it was easier for sally to keep up .
it was the last day to study before my math exam .  i studied all day , without focusing on anything else .   on the day of the exam , i did well .   however , at home , i found a letter .  @it was the letter of my friend .@the letter told me i did not get accepted to college .
i loved to play music and need a new sound . i heard a synthesizer and new i needed to buy one . i looked online for a place to buy synths . i went to a local music store . @i went to the store .@there i found exactly what i was looking for !
a man knocked on the front door . he did n't say anything when i answered . he just kept staring . the dog ran out the door . @the dog ran away .@i started to run after the dog .
my boyfriend and i were on vacationing on the beach . we went to a beach that was inhabited by wild dogs .  one dog , named rubia , watched our things while we swam .   we were so happy , we brought her meat the next day .  @we had a great time .@rubia then became very nice to us .
i had to attend an orientation at my university . the speaker announced that a raffle will take place today . everyone had to put their student id number on a paper .  every paper went inside the raffle , where it was shaken .  @they could n't wait to go back .@i won the raffle !
the 7th grader wore high heels to school . she looked like a colt trying to walk . she ended up falling . she had to go to the nurse . @when she got to the nurse 's office , she was greeted .@the nurse told her not to wear heels anymore .
it was tyrone 's big football game . he was the quarterback for the team . their team got off to an early lead . they were trailing with a minute left on the clock . @the coach told them to be careful if they did .@tyrone threw a touchdown .
leah went to germany on a trip . at her first meal she ordered a coke . she was surprised to find it served at room temperature . she was so used to ice cold soda . @but it was too cold .@leah thought it was gross .
tom the missionary visited the smith 's home . tom attempted to convert the family to a new religion . the family was trying to get rid of him before the storm . they politely declined the missionary 's efforts . @they were forced to get their revenge .@they sent him on his way and prepared for the storm .
emily was a little girl when her father passed away . her mother raised her all on her own . when emily was 19 year 's old her mother went on a trip .  on the way to her vacation , her mom was in a plane crash .  @as she was driving , she saw her mom crying .@emily was crushed and heart broken .
we have two cats at my house .  one morning , we could not find the youngest cat anywhere .  we called her name and looked all over .  suddenly , she appeared from the heating vent .  @it was a huge mess .@we were so relieved !
jane wrote an advice column for the local paper . one day she received a curious letter . it was about whether a man 's girlfriend would accept his proposal . the details of their relationship were strangely familiar to jane . @she told her boyfriend that she was cheating .@jane realized it was her boyfriend and accepted his proposal .
my car overdrive light started flashing yesterday . i was worried . i drove the car to a mechanic to get it checked out . he said that the transmission was the issue . @i called the police .@i 'm glad i know what the problem is now .
sally is a writer . she signed up to write a story . there was a very specific set of instructions included .  unfortunately , she did not read the directions .  @she ended up falling asleep .@sally failed in her efforts to complete the assignment .
joe went on vacation . he went to an island that had a large volcano . joe 's friends dared him to climb into the volcano . joe decided it was something he needed to do . @he went to the store to buy some .@joe slipped and paid the ultimate price .
martha loved to watch nature from her porch . she decided to buy a bird feeder . she put bird food into the feeder . she put it up on a tree in her backyard . @then , she put it in the tree .@martha was sad when no birds made use of it .
jane hated how her frugal dad made them save tinsel from the tree . she let her kids throw away handfuls of the silvery stuff .  then , jane noticed her kids were n't grateful for their presents .  she thought they did n't care how hard she worked to buy them . @she went to the store and bought a new pair of shoes .@so she started making them earn their luxuries .
his first time at the opera . he only went after his girlfriend begged . he sat for three hours in sheer boredom . finally it was over . @kelly was so happy .@he learned he did n't like the opera .
jays habit of buying expensive beer was catching up to him . he was spending more money on beer than food . he needed to find another source of income to support this habit . a friend recommended he try out amazon mturk . @he decided to try it .@jay become slightly less poor from amazon mturk .
 when i turned eighteen , i registered to vote .  i was so excited to participate in the democratic process . i did research on each and every candidate .  when voting day came , i went to the polling station .  @they informed me that there was nothing there .@i was sad when my candidate lost the election .
ron only had one air conditioner . and it did n't cool off his entire house . he invested in a powerful fan . and it help blow cool air to his room . @it 's the best thing he ever had .@now his house can stay cool all summer .
sam bought a new suv . it was all wheel drive . he figured he would take it off road . he hit a few hard bumps and broke his suspension . @he had to pay a lot of money to pay for it .@ sheepishly , he brought it to the dealership for repair . 
robert wants to propose to his girlfriend jennifer . his only issue is that the ring she wants is out of his price range . robert decided to have a garage sale one day to see what he can sell . he ended up getting rid of stuff he did n't want and made lots of money @he went to the store and bought all the supplies .@robert had enough money to then get the ring .
john and bill signed up to participate in a scavenger hunt . the scavenger hunt was at their school . they went from classroom to classroom to search for clues . john and bill found all the clues . @the next day , they went to the beach .@and they won .
ida was delivering her baby daughter . she still had n't thought of a name !  then a nurse suggested   irene   .  ida considered it and decided it was a lovely name . @but she could n't afford to buy another one .@ida asked her husband what he thought about irene .
ava had a lot of old clothes .  she never wore them , but she did n't want to throw them away .  her mom suggested that ava donate them . ava took them to the thrift store and donated them there . @when they were done she bought them .@ava felt very good about what she had done .
i found a stray cat yesterday . i gave it some milk . it came back again today . i was going to give it some milk but did n't . @i went to the store to buy milk .@i had run out of milk .
harry has been stuck at the office working very late tonight . he is hungry but there are n't many stores open . finally he remembers that the local fried chicken restaurant is open . he eats two delicious pieces of fried chicken . @he is happy that he finally ate dinner .@harry 's hunger is satiated .
jimmy 's dog had gone missing . jimmy put up missing posters everywhere around town .  a few weeks later , jimmy received a call on the phone .  someone had found his dog ! @the dog ran away .@jimmy and his dog were soon happily reunited .
lauren was nervous about giving a speech for her french final exam . she arrived to class . it was her turn to give her speech . she finished her speech and felt relieved . @when she got home , she realized she had forgotten her homework !@the teacher was impressed and gave her an a on her exam .
max was determined to reach his goal of making extra money .  he asked his family , friend , and co-workers for extra work .  he did not mind working harder to reach his goal . he finally found a job on mturk . @he was able to get the job .@he saved enough money from his work to buy a car .
phillip was the shortest kid in his class . he felt embarrassed sometimes about his height .  during the summer , he hit a growth spurt .  phillip ended up growing 6 inches . @phillip was very happy .@phillip became confident .
janice wanted to go to a seafood place . she made arrangements to go with some friends .  when they all went , janice ordered the lobster .  after she ate the lobster she got very ill . @she went to the doctor .@sandra vowed she would never eat lobster again .
shannon went to sunbathe by the pool . she realized she forgot her sunscreen but stayed anyway . she tried to go in the water to help prevent sunburn . she got burned anyway though and went home after a while . @when she got home , she realized she had forgotten her wallet !@the burn hurt her skin a bit .
jill bought a pickaxe and went down to the mine . john saw her on her way . he told her that women ca n't work in the mine . so she swung her pickaxe right through his skull . @it turned out to be a problem .@john then fell down and died .
jim really wanted a new smart watch . he started saving his money because the watch was very expensive . one day he walked into work and there was a present on his desk . his boss had bought him a smart watch because of his excellent work . @he worked very hard on his project .@jim was delighted .
the defendant proclaimed his innocence as he was arrested .  his attorney fought a hard battle , appealing to the jury .  the crucial moment was the dna evidence linking him . the defendant was sentenced to 30 years in prison . @he sued his lawyer for the position .@he wept as the verdict was being read .
joe woke up to a lot of loud noises outside .  it sounded very bad , very windy .  he turned on the news and saw that there was a tornado warning ! the warning said to take cover immediately ! @i had to go to the hospital .@joe quickly collected his things and went to the shelter .
vanessa hired a babysitter that liked to snoop . she snooped in makeup drawers . she snooped in jewelry boxes . she snooped in medicine cabinets . @she was able to get a better job .@ vanessa caught her snooping , and fired her . 
james planted an apple tree in his yard . it grew to about 5 feet in a few year 's .  unfortunately , james had to move away .  year 's later he came back to visit his old hometown . @he was so happy to see his dream come true !@the apple tree was still there .
 amy liked her neighbor brian , and hoped he would ask her out .   she waited patiently , but he never mentioned a date .  finally one day brian called and asked amy to go to dinner .  amy was so happy , and they had a great time .  @they had a great time .@it was the beginning of a great relationship .
sandy was taking a trip to mexico . sandy successfully caught the first flight of her trip .  however , sandy missed the second flight for her trip .   there were no more flights for the day , so sandy was stuck .  @sandy decided to go to the beach anyway .@sandy was sad .
mary went to the market on sunday for fruit . she bought bananas but could n't find any peaches . she decided that she would wait on the peaches until next time . when she went again there were still no peaches . @she went to the doctor .@mary was disappointed .
the landlord banged on his ' door and demanded rent . gus told the landlord that he did n't have the money . the landlord stormed into the apartment and grabbed gus 's valuables . the landlord took them to his truck and locked it up . @the next day they went to the police station .@gus tried to get the money so he could get his things back .
lily went to a nice shop she loved in the city . she loved shopping there but it was very expensive . thankfully she saw a coat on sale . the coat was sixty percent off . @i decided to buy a new coat .@lily was glad to buy a new coat .
william was feeling down after receiving some bad news .  william 's wife tried to raise his spirits , but was unsuccessful .  william 's friend asked him to help move a sofa for a wounded veteran . the move turned into a 6 hour visit that raised william 's spirits . @this was the first time they had to go to school .@he went home and happily kissed his wife .
stella had a basketball game tonight .  she wanted to skip the game , or sit on the bench .  she was n't really feeling well . but her coach insisted she play . @the coach asked her to play .@stella struggled through the basketball game .
there was nothing pollyanna liked better than nuts . pollyanna was a very clever cockatoo .  when she saw a dish of nuts in the living room , she wanted them .   after her owner left , she pried open her cage door with her beak .  @she could n't believe what the barking was .@she proceeded to eat all the nuts in the dish .
a group of friends went to go bowling . they had a really good time . the friends decided to formalize themselves into a team . they brainstormed for a good name . @they decided to go to the zoo .@they agreed on a name for the team and joined a league .
i loved to eat honey with my oatmeal . one day i unexpectedly ran out of honey . i did not want to eat my oatmeal without honey so i went to the store .  alas , they had run out of their honey stock .  @so , i decided to make them myself .@i felt so defeated .
samantha called me for an interview over the phone . i answered most of her questions with ease .  afterwards , we said our parting remarks .  i exhaled heavily when i hung up the phone . @when i was done i was so happy .@samantha called me the next day and offered me the job .
john is afraid to commit to yohanna . she asked to be married by the fall . john insisted that their finances were n't right . later that month yohanna decided to plan a wedding herself . @she was very pleased with her wedding .@john is getting nervous .
susan had just moved to california . one morning she woke up to a loud deep rumbling . she felt the earth move underneath her . she had never experienced something like this before . @she decided to try it .@susan was witnessing her first earthquake .
gina and her siblings were in the house looking out the window . in the yard her dad and his friends were fighting . the fight was violent and scary . gina shooed the kids away from the windows . @the kids ran away from the house .@the kids were scared .
today 's lab assignment turned out to be a disaster .  since my teammates were confused , i had to guide them .  this includes showing them how to do every procedure .  although we finished after everyone else , i put in a lot of effort .  @when i got home , i realized that i had left my wallet at home .@i carried the team .
albert wanted to try out for the basketball team at school . he waited on the bench for his turn to play . he played his best as the coach watched and took notes . when he finished the coach told him he made the team . @the coach told him he needed to get better .@albert was ecstatic !
nick turned 18 on sunday . his girlfriend zoe came to his birthday party . zoe bought him a lottery card for his birthday . he anxiously scratched off the numbers . @he won the contest !@nick won a thousand dollars .
john was at work and began running fever . his back started to hurt . his boss sent him to urgent care . the doctor did a flu test . @the doctor gave him medicine .@john had a sever case of flu .
marie 's husband is in the army . he is away for a tour overseas . marie walked into her home . her husband was waiting on the couch . @suddenly , she heard a loud bang .@marie was shocked .
the morning of the wedding found diana very nervous . her bridesmaids helped with her hair and make-up . her mother helped her put her dress on . diana and her maids drove off in a limo . @when they arrived , they were greeted by a girl .@they arrived at the wedding and continued the ceremony .
jane broke elwood 's binoculars . jane was apologetic . jane knew the binoculars were too expensive for her to replace . elwood forgave her . @she was very happy .@jane was thankful .
terry 's car broke down . he was n't able to afford a rental . he decided to take the bus . to his surprise it was a pleasant experience . @he had a great time .@he was glad he still got to work on time .
sue got married last saturday . she almost did n't make it to the wedding . she got stuck in traffic . luckily a kind policeman saw what was happening . @he called the police .@the policeman got due to the wedding on time .
fred & fran were a happy couple .  it was valentine 's day , and fran was excited .  fred had already planned a special night out .  after work , the couple got dressed for their date .  @they had a great time .@fred told fran she looked great .
every day a cat would be chased through the street by a dog .  one day , i noticed the cat did not run across the street .  i went outside to look for the cat and enjoy the sun . i eventually saw the cat walking with the dog . @the dog bit me .@i saw they were both on leashes .
bob was bored in his cubicle . he had been working so hard this past month . he decided to treat himself with something special . he ordered tickets for a weekend snowboarding trip . @when he got to the hotel , he was excited .@he was looking forward to getting away .
maria smelled the fresh autumn air and decided to celebrate . she wanted to make candy apples . she picked up the ingredients at a local market and headed home . she cooked the candy and prepared the apples . @when she got home , her pie was gone .@she enjoyed the candy apples .
dan and three friends wanted to start an exterminator business . they got a small loan and bought some cheap office space . they had to make a lot of their own equipment .  they became very specialized , and so kept a regular clientele .  @one day , a friend came over to help her .@they all made good money .
i love my job more than anything in the world . i work from home as a freelance artist . i work in my sweatpants and get to draw and paint . people pay a lot of money for my art and i am high in demand . @i went to the store and bought all the supplies i needed .@ i enjoy it so much , it does n't even feel like work . 
i wanted to play sports when i was younger . i tried several different sports .  i tried baseball , hockey , and soccer .  i quit most of them . @one day , i decided to buy some .@i was n't any good at playing sports .
kathy 's dad was rushed to the er . he was having major pain around his heart . the doctors ran several tests . he was admitted immediately . @he told her it was a good idea .@after a surgery the prognosis was positive .
sam wanted to cook a burger . his cast iron skillet was rusted from being left out . sam scrubbed his skillet with some steel wool .  afterwards , he seasoned the skillet in the oven .  @when it was done , he placed it on the stove .@ after it was completely cooked , the burger was delicious . 
cara loved tamales . she and her grandmother made tamales every year at christmas .  unfortunately , her grandmother passed away one day .   when christmas came , cara made the tamales anyway .  @it was the best christmas she had ever had !@cara decided to pass the tradition on .
i started the grill to cook hamburgers . i took the patties out and laid them on the grill . the patties sizzled as the grill got hotter . finally i took the patties off and put them on a bun . @i put the salt in the salt .@the hamburgers i made were delicious .
ben was falling asleep at his desk . he still had two more hours before the end of his shift . he thought about leaving work early . he could n't afford to lose the extra hours . @he decided to take a break .@ben needed the money .
inky wanted to look taller . she 'd never worn heels before . she decided to try them and see how they fit .  she found a comfortable , attractive pair .  @she bought them and went home .@inky bought the shoes .
james notices that he has become increasingly depressed .  he feels alone , and does not know who to talk to .  finally his mother recommends that he began seeing a therapist . james begins regularly seeing a therapist and starts to feel better . @james is happy that he finally has a new job .@james decides to become a therapist when he grows up .
penny is from a tropical climate . she has never seen snow .  for vacation , she decided to go skiing .  penny saw snow for the first time . @she was so excited to go outside .@penny was amazed .
paul always does his laundry . he sorts everything by color . he also sorts his socks and underwear . somehow he always loses socks . @one day he decided to get rid of them .@he has to go to the store on sundays for new socks .
kelsi needed her textbook for chemistry . she ordered it online . she waited everyday for it to come but it never came . finally she got the book a week later . @when she got home she realized she forgot her book .@she decided to buy books earlier next semester .
my sister in law dropped off some baked chicken . the dish looked very appealing . my wife heated the dish up . we ate the chicken but found it to be very bland . @we went to the local farmer 's farm and bought supplies .@we laughed about how terrible the chicken was .
last week was the big election . a lot of people got together for election parties . my friends and i were no exception . our favorite candidate lost by a lot . @it was a great experience .@we were sad .
jenny is a six year-old girl who reads lots . jenny 's favorite book is astrid lindgren 's pippi longstocking . jenny wanted to be pippi for halloween . she could n't get her pigtails to stick straight out like pippi's @finally , she had a great idea .@her mom was able to help her get it right .
ana was at a town festival . she was nervous because the president was coming !  when she saw his car approach , she almost fainted .  but then he got out and smiled at her . @she was so happy !@ she was a bit stunned with excitement , but she managed to wave . 
peg worked hard canning jam from her garden 's fruit .  when she finished , peg admired her rows of jam jars .  she decided they looked too pretty to eat .  much later , peg finally opened one jar of the jam .  @peg was disappointed that she could n't buy the jar .@peg thought it tasted amazing .
michael would get headaches anytime he would read a book . he enjoyed reading but the pain made it difficult . someone suggested he get his eyes checked . he was told he needed glass to read by the optometrist . @the eye doctor told him he had to wear glasses .@the glasses fixed his headaches immediately .
james was in social studies class minding his own business . the teacher looked at everyone and said we are having a pop quiz . james panicked because he has n't studied . james could n't answer any of the questions on the quiz . @he stayed up all night studying .@he did his best anyway .
francis had always wanted to become a history teacher . he studied history very diligently in college . finally he applied for a job teaching history at a middle school . he worked hard to be the best teacher he could be . @when he got to college , he was very nervous .@he won an award for best teacher his very first year .
daddy is took me fishing today . we woke up early and went out to the boat . the sun was just rising over the horizon . we sat on the water for hours talking and fishing . @we had a great time fishing and fishing .@it was a great day .
mary made joe some dinner . she told him to wait for it too cool down before he tasted it . of course joe did n't wait . he stuck the spoon in the bowl then to his lips . @he threw it in the bowl .@it took several days for joe 's lips to heal .
little lola lost her library book from her school 's library . she was n't allowed to take out another until she returned it . lila and her mother fruitlessly searched the house from top to bottom . her mother finally ordered a new copy to replace what they had lost . @they were able to get a new copy of it .@lola promised to be more careful in the future .
i was raised in a small town . i always wanted to live in a city . now i live in new york city . the city is dirty and the property costs are staggering . @i decided to make my own .@i 'm seriously considering moving to someplace smaller and easier .
i had to go to the grocery store yesterday . there was almost no food left in the house . i bought several things . now we have plenty of food . @we have a lot of fun .@i will cook a good dinner tonight .
abe really enjoyed numbers and statistics . he was curious how many guns the population of stanford owned . he sent out a survey . abe spent weeks tallying the results . @at the end of the day , he was very happy with his results .@he found the entire exercise very satisfying and interesting .
i wanted to learn more about submarines . i bought some books about submarines in wwii . the books did n't have much technical detail . i went to a museum with a submarine dissected in it . @it was a lot of fun .@i learned a lot from the submarine in the museum .
tara argued with her bosses all the time . she always had differences of opinion with them . one day she was fired for insubordination . tara eventually found a new job . @tara now has a new job .@she argued with her new bosses too .
george found a mistake on his cable bill . he called the cable company 's customer service number . george was put on hold for a while .  finally , a man answered the phone who could help george .  @the man thanked him and took him home .@george explained what was going on with his bill .
 every morning , a bird woke fred up for work at 6 am .  fred began to like the bird . and he enjoyed the sound of its singing .  one day , the bird no longer sang .  @the bird flew away .@he hoped nothing bad had happened to the bird .
eli young loved elvis presley . he would sing and dance like him in the mirror . when he turned eighteen he moved to las vegas . he decided to work the strip as an impersonator . @he applied for a job as a barber .@eli loved his career .
jackson was going on a trip . he was going camping in utah . he drove out to a campground and set up a tent . he spent the trip relaxing and enjoying the outdoors . @when he got home , he realized he forgot his sunscreen !@ after the trip , jackson felt rejuvenated . 
icy had never roller skated in her life . she bought a pair of skates and tied them on nervously .  she practiced skating outside , very slowly .  she picked up speed as she gained confidence . @she ended up winning .@icy felt she could skate .
gina wanted to read her book as they drove on the highway . but the backseat was too dark . she tried to use her phone as a light .  but that just drained the battery , and gave her wrist a cramp .  @she had to go to the emergency room .@her father laughed and turned on an overhead light for her .
joe and his friends were throwing rock at windows . the windows were part of an abandoned building . the police caught joe and his friends . joe felt sorry for his poor judgement . @joe decided to pay for the money .@joe never threw rocks again .
laura told cindy she would bake her a cake for her birthday . laura decided to make a chocolate cake . she found a recipe online . she worked all day baking the cake . @when the cake was done , she put it in the oven .@laura was very proud of the cake she made .
baby martin was 7 months when he tried a banana . he was a very curious baby . he loved to eat carrots and sweet peas . one day his dad decides to give him a banana @he is very happy to have a new banana .@baby martin liked the banana .
amanda was on a hike with her husband .  suddenly , she felt a sharp pain in her ankle .  she realized that a hornet had stung her . her foot hurt too badly to walk . @she went to the doctor .@her husband called an ambulance .
in 2010 we visited our daughter in new york . she was a grad student at cuny . she and her husband asked where we wanted to go .  i picked the frick house , as we visited there on our honeymoon .  @it was the best vacation i 've ever had .@we had a fun time .
wendy was thinking of a number between one and ten .  her mother guessed three , which was correct .  her father guessed seven . her little brother sam guessed ten . @sam tried to beat sam .@wendy had fun playing this game .
todd collected and raised lovebirds . he had 12 in all . his apartment stank from the animals . todd did n't mind the smell . @he went to the bathroom .@the smell reminded him of his love for his birds .
greg was at a party . he saw a girl he thought was very attractive . he approached her and tried to flirt . then her boyfriend showed up and was mad at him . @she was so mad , she punched him in the face .@greg apologized and moved on to meet other girls at the party .
i ran an online bookstore for four year 's . i sold books that had been discarded by my local library . i started buying books to sell .  i had an inventory of 3,000 books .  @one day , i had a stroke .@ my inventory of books contained old , rare copies of classic books . 
dany was a six year old boy who loved to play football . one day danny was crying because he was lonely . dany 's father was home early from work that day . dany asked his dad to play football with him . @his dad agreed .@his dad was happy to play with him .
amy decided to eat dinner and watch the tv . her mother never let her do this . but her mother was asleep tonight . amy just had to make sure to clean up her mess before going to bed . @she had no idea what to do .@luckily her mother never found out .
jo 's mother was in prison . jo went with her grandmother to see her mother at the facility .  they sat at a table , ate snacks , and talked .  jo asked her mother when she was coming home . @her mother said she could n't do it .@her mother said that she did n't know .
my son played in a basketball team in elementary school . he tried hard but was not a gifted player . the team played everybody and he had fun . one day he made a basket . @it was a big mess .@the whole teamed cheered for my son .
when al let his cat out last week there was a squirrel running by . the cat immediately ran after it . it chased it up a tree . finally it actually caught it and killed it . @it ended up being a huge mess .@it then ate it .
we visited our daughter and son in law in nyc in 2013 . they took us to the brooklyn museum . i am disabled so they wheeled me through the exhibits . we looked at an exhibit of john singer sargent paintings @it was a beautiful exhibit .@we saw a number of paintings .
blanche wanted to lose weight . she ate less and exercised more . after a month she began to feel better . she started to notice a difference in the mirror as well . @the light turned out to be a lot of fun .@blanche was happy about her weight loss .
flossie is a pioneer . her job is to churn the butter .  one day , flossie forgot to churn the butter .  the town was sad . @they had a great time .@flossie churned double the amount of butter the next day .
tina wanted to go for a hike so she put her baby in a baby carrier . they were walking up the trail in the park near their house .  suddenly , in front of them , she spotted a long black snake !   after screaming , she ran home to tell her husband .  @her husband was very upset .@tina was terrified of snakes .
casey was competing in a school talent show . she was incredibly nervous . all she could think about was all eyes on her . thankfully when she hit the stage her nerves cooled . @kelly was thrilled .@casey did a wonderful job .
carol has been looking for a hobby to keep herself busy . she decides to begin collecting baskets . she collects small baskets at first .  finally she buys a very big basket , which she is proud of .  @when she gets home she feels much better .@eventually she ran out of room to store them !
 everyday , john saw a homeless man at the corner near his school .  it made john very sad to see someone in such great need . he decided to make a gift for the man with basic necessities . he looked for the man the next day and gave him the gift . @the man was so happy with his purchase .@the man was very grateful .
neil was visiting asia . he flew into laos and saw the sights . then he took a river cruise up the mekong river . it was wild and beautiful . @it was the best day of the year .@neil had a great time .
sally needed to file some papers .  before that she needed to make copies , though .  she knew this meant walking down to the basement . once she was down there she made copies . @it was a great record .@she went back up and filed all the papers .
rufus met a beautiful russian girl who he wanted to date . he decided to learn to speak russian in order to impress her . rufus studied very hard to learn to speak russian .  finally when he was fluent in russian , he asked her out .  @she said yes !@she said yes .
daniel walked through a park to his girlfriend 's house .  on the way , he noticed a patch of beautiful wildflowers .  daniel carefully picked several of the flowers . he gave them to his girlfriend when he arrived at her house . @they had a great time .@she blushed and kissed him before inviting him inside .
jamie loves to read books and has thousands of them . her house is becoming too crowded with books but she wants them all . her son bought her a tablet and showed her how to use it . she has put all of her books onto the one tablet . @she went to the store and bought a new tablet .@jamie now reads all the books she wants on the tablet .
may wanted to run a salon . she decided to strive for her dream . she signed up for beauty school . she studied hard and finished in six months ! @she was so proud of herself !@eventually mary got to run her own salon .
i went to the beach with several of my friends . we planned to have a picnic . we set all our food out and were ready to eat .  suddenly , someone ran by and kicked sand everywhere .  @it was a huge mess .@the food was ruined .
max and may were at a tavern . they saw the dartboard and challenged each other to a game . max played very well . but may thru even better than him . @she decided to take a break .@may won the game .
louisa is trying to think of the perfect gift for her grandson . she decides to knit him a pair of mittens . louisa buys a bright red spool of yarn for the mittens . her grandson is very happy when he sees his new mittens . @he decides to buy a new one .@her grandson thanks louisa for the wonderful gift .
devin had always loved playing video games with his best friend . they had been playing video games together for more than ten years . yet each time they came together to play it felt like the first time . when his best friend brought over a new game it would be the same . @the game was so much fun .@devin was delighted with his friend 's choice .
betsy went into a candy store . she bought all the candy she could for ten dollars . she was so excited she ran out the door with a bag full of candy . she tripped on a shoelace . @she fell on the floor .@she fell and spilled her candy all over the street .
cousin sam had fun at tim 's house . they played ball everyday .  however , sam had to leave with his parents .  tim was sad . @he decided to go to the doctor .@tim wished that sam would visit again .
ted and wanda were excited about taking a trip . they were only able to go for the day so they had to leave early . they packed up the car and headed out for the beach . they spent all day having a great time on the beach . @they had a great time at the beach .@they decided next time they would try a two-day trip .
caleb loved to play baseball . caleb was an outfielder on his team . one day someone hit a ball far out near caleb ! caleb ran out to catch it but it hit him right in the nose ! @he had to go to the hospital to get stitches .@all the kids laughed at him .
 ali wanted to start a book club , but she was very shy .  she finally decided to try it with a few friends . everyone had a great time . they decided to invite more people . @they had a great time .@ ali felt her shyness diminishing , which made her very happy . 
the boy wanted to join the tennis team . tryouts for the team were beginning soon . the boy never played tennis before . he went to the park and practiced every week till the day of tryouts . @on the day of the tryouts he was very nervous .@ when tryouts began , the boy was prepared . 
the dog jumped over the fence today . he ran for a long time and got lost . his family could not find him for many hours . his family was finally able to find him and bring him home . @he was so happy to see his family .@his family was so relieved .
rachel wanted to take her husband out to dinner .  she had the perfect place in mind , her favorite chinese restaurant .  they arrived at the place but saw that it had closed .  on a paper on the door , she saw that they had moved out of town .  @she decided to go to the store and buy a new one .@rachel and her husband found somewhere else to eat .
gina 's family was at her grandparents house . she decided to eat all her favorite country foods while there . her grandma offered to make fried green tomatoes . gina 's whole family was excited about the tomatoes . @it was the first day of the year .@gina 's grandmother made the tomatoes .
i 'd ordered two flash drives . i walked down to the mailbox in the deep snow . i was frustrated to find only one package . i was more frustrated to find both my items should have been in it . @i called the police .@i called the shipper .
beth 's daughter was coming to town and bringing her kids . beth was excited to see her grandchildren . when her daughter arrived she played and baked cookies with the kids . the kids stayed 2 weeks before returning home . @when they got home , they had a great time .@beth and her grandchildren baked cookies everyday !
bryce knew that a call from the girl was wishful thinking . he gave her his number last week but still no call . after the 12th day of giving her the number she called . they talked for hours and enjoyed each other 's conversation . @the next day , they decided to go to a movie together .@bryce asked the girl on a date .
caroline heard frantic scratching on her door during a rainy storm .  caroline opened the door , and saw a lost kitten .  caroline brought the kitten inside and took care of him . caroline decided to keep the kitten . @she named her kitten .@she went to the store and bought cat food after the storm .
i bought my ticket . i waited for wednesday night . the lady was calling the numbers . all of my numbers matched . @it cost me a lot of money .@my jaw dropped as i won the lottery .
trina and her friends decided to go to a famous art studio . the girls went and took numerous pictures . trina bought a few art pieces . when she got home she hung them up . @then she put them in her backpack .@she stared at them for hours .
josh loved rachel very much . rachel reciprocated that love . but they were from two different social backgrounds . they tried and tried to make their love work . @they decided to start a business .@but it just was n't meant to be .
the weatherman predicted that we would get 6 inches of snow overnight . i went to bed right when it started snowing .  when i woke up , the snow was everywhere .  we could not even open the front door . @when we got to the front door , the door closed .@we were trapped .
the family decided to go to the park for veteran 's day . we had a barbecue outside .  in addition , everyone decided to take a swim in the water .   before we left , we had a huge cake .  @it was the best cake ever !@we then swam for an hour at the lake .
jerome dribbled the ball quickly .  sam tried to grab it from him , but was n't fast enough .  he chased jerome down the court . jerome pushed sam backwards and threw the ball . @the ball hit sam in the face .@jerome scored points for his team .
lucy got a new diary for her birthday .  unlike her old one , it had a lock on it to keep her brother james out .  but one day she found the lock was broken . james had gotten into her diary again ! @he asked her to write about it .@lucy was so angry !
i love surprising people . jake wanted a new guitar for a long time but could n't afford it . one year i got a large christmas bonus . i told him that i got him a movie for a gift . @he told me that he 's not interested in buying tickets .@i actually bought jake a guitar !
my mom always tells me to wake up and enjoy the sunrise . she tells me i miss out on all of life 's beauty staying in . so i woke up extra early and sat on my balcony with some coffee . the sun rose shortly after 6 in the morning . @she was so scared that she ran away .@it was beautiful and relaxing .
dan realizes that he has gained weight over the last few year 's . he decides to begin exercising and eating better to become less fat .  it is a grueling process , and at times dan wants to give up .   however , he remains dedicated until the extra weight is gone .  @he is very happy that he has finally learned to sew .@dan steps onto a scale and realizes he lost a significant amount .
dan and tim were going to have a picnic . tom made sandwiches for the picnic . tim brought lemonade for the picnic . as the boys were leaving it started to rain . @the boys had to go to the park .@dan saved the day and picnic by bringing an umbrella .
jeff loved going snowboarding . for his birthday last weekend he went on a camping trip . they stayed at a lodge near the slopes . everyone loved snowboarding with him . @he had a great time .@he had a great time .
anthony was a gang member but did n't want to die over a color . one afternoon he was caught in an alley by a rival gang member . the rival gang member put a gun to anthony 's head . anthony prayed to god for protection . @he was n't sure where he was going .@the man with the gun was unnerved by anthony 's praying and left .
jane closed her eyes and counted to twenty . kate ran to hide in the cupboard . jane already knew kate 's favorite hiding places . she took her time before approaching the cupboard . @when it was done , she put it in the oven .@she did n't want kate to be disappointed .
i was going to attend a concert today . i bought the tickets last week . i worked out my two-hour driving route earlier . i just heard that the concert had to be canceled . @the concert was amazing .@ frustrated , i went about getting my money back . 
mick wanted a cool jean jacket like his friends had .  he wanted to be stylish like them , but he was broke .  then he went to a secondhand store and saw a great jean jacket . it was only six dollars ! @i decided to buy a new one .@mick asked his mother to loan him six dollars for the jacket .
gina had tons of missed texts . she had n't checked her phone for 2 days .  she checked half of the messages , and decided to come back later .  when she checked again there were texts from her friends . @she had to go to the store .@her friends had been trying to tell gina they 'd had a baby !
coy needed new sneakers . she went to the store and examined their selection . she settled on a lovely blue pair .  and the price was just right , too !  @but the price was worth it .@coy bought the sneakers .
neil had arrived in finland ! he had traveled by boat and rail . he could n't wait to start seeing the sights ! but first there was something important he had to do . @then he realized he had forgotten his wallet !@neil went to the grave where his ancestors were buried .
 michelle really wanted a new computer , but did n't have enough money .  she worked really hard to try to make enough .  she worked hours and hours , but bills kept showing up .  she finally decided that maybe she did n't need a new one . @she went to the store and looked around .@michelle was overwhelmed with money concerns .
a few year 's ago i went to see a broadway show . my friends and i went to see billy elliot . the show was amazing . i loved the music so much i bought the soundtrack . @i am going to get a new one .@i hope to go back soon .
vianna went to church on a saturday . she sat in the pew and listened to the sermon . the sermon was very interesting and she had questions . she decided to ask the speaker about some questions she had . @the teacher told her it was a good idea .@the speaker was able to give her all of the answers she needed .
sue was nervous about taking the driver 's test . but she had been practicing a lot so she felt confident in her skills . she arrived at the dmv and the driving instructor greeted her .  the test was going well , until sue 's car started to overheat .  @sue had to go to the hospital to get it checked out .@sue would have to wait five weeks to take the test again .
jake was at the grocery store . he was trying to pick melons . someone noticed he was confused . she went over and tried to explain which were best . @luckily , she was able to get it right .@jake finally chose a melon that he thought was ripe .
adam was rushing a fraternity . they dared him to pick a coconut from a palm tree . he went out at night and scaled a palm . then he cut down a large coconut and returned with it . @he was so happy to have made a new friend !@the frat was proud of him .
it was dan 's turn to present his research project . he stood up in front of the class and started talking . one of the classmate 's phone rang in class . she immediately turned it off . @she had to go to the hospital .@dan became slightly flustered .
we were supposed to celebrate valentine 's day . but then my niece came down with a bad cold . so we stayed in and played games . we rotated between heads up and monopoly . @i do n't understand why .@we played monopoly for two hours .
heather loved to paint pictures and wanted to be an artist . she took lots of lessons and practiced very hard . heather finally sold a painting and eventually became a famous artist . her hard work paid off . @she was able to pay her bills .@heather was proud of herself .
ida had assembled a really cute outfit . she was just missing a belt !  she looked through all her belts , but none was quite right .  then she decided to check her dad 's closet . @she found the perfect gift .@she borrowed a belt from her dad .
tyler bought a boomerang and went to an open field . he tried to toss it but it never came back . tyler adjusted his form and threw it very hard . the boomerang began to return but still failed . @instead , the spider went away .@tyler decided to practice .
they had heard about potty training bunnies . it seemed like a good idea to try that . after a while they decided to leave her out of her cage . it seemed to go very well ! @but when he got home , he realized he had forgotten his wallet !@the bunny learned to use the litter box !
i used to be fat . at 18 year 's old i was 280 pounds . i knew my life would suck forever if i did n't change that . i worked my ass off for three years with intense diet and exercise . @after a few months , i started to feel better .@i am very proud of myself .
lonnie loaned his sister a lot of money . she promised to pay him back when she got her check . she received her check but did not tell lonnie . she spent her whole check without paying him anything . @one day , she decided to give him a big hug .@lonnie decided to never lend his sister anything again .
jack needed a new couch . he went to a local furniture store . he chose a lovely light beige couch . the first day home he spilled red wine on the arm of the couch . @he had to clean it up .@he immediately applied stain remover and the stain was gone .
yesterday i was putting up the christmas tree . i picked up the prettiest ornaments .  as i picked one up , it dropped .  the glass shattered . @i had to clean it up .@i cleaned it up with a broom .
jasmine wanted to try to ice skate . the local park had an ice rink set up . her mom took her into the rink . jasmine fell several times . @she ended up falling asleep .@jasmine decided to take lessons to get better .
my netflix keeps buffering last night . even if i paused it nothing would happen . it would just play for a second and buffer . eventually i reset the router . @now i 'm able to fix it .@resetting the router did n't have any effect at all .
it was a cold day . so sarah decided to make a mocha .  when she finished making it , she was eager to drink it .  and she ended up burning her mouth . @she ended up burning her tongue .@sarah wished she had been more patient .
i worked two shifts one night . on the way home i could barely see the road . i barely missed hitting an oncoming car . it swerved at the last minute . @the car crashed into a tree .@i narrowly avoided a serious accident .
gina 's mom was upset with her . gina had been sulking in her room all day . she decided to offer a truce . she washed the dishes as an act of goodwill . @mary received a letter from her mother .@gina 's mom was happy and they had a great night together .
chief is a great surgeon . he takes his time and rarely goes home .  every day , the stress takes its toll and he drinks too much .  chief decides to get healthy and stop drinking . @he decides he needs to lose weight .@he now manages his stress in a much more healthy way .
gina 's knew pencils were gone . and she knew a boy named dave had taken them . she decided she would confront him to get them back . she marched to his desk and begin yelling . @she yelled at her mother for not listening .@gina was very angry .
matt wanted to travel with his motorhome . he went out to start it one day to see how it ran . it started right up ! he loaded it up with food and gas . @when he got home he realized he forgot his wallet .@he planned out his perfect road trip .
kathie does not like babies .  one day , she became pregnant .  she was concerned she might not like her baby .  when the baby was born , she fell in love with the baby .  @her baby was born in the hospital .@kathie decided she 'd be okay with having another one .
rudy really wanted a dog . he begged his parents for one .  they said if he cared for it , he could have one .  rudy agreed to walk and feed it every day . @the next day , the dog 's owner came to visit .@rudy 's parents took him to the shelter to pick out a pet dog .
we live on the banks of a small pond . in 1999 the state drained the pond . the state said the pond sediment had to be removed . we took photos of thousands of dead fish . @we had a lot of fun .@it was gross .
bob was working at his job as a security guard at a mall .  unexpectedly , he fell asleep .   while he was sleeping , some thieves came in and stole some items .  bob woke up and was shocked to find out what happened . @he looked up and down the stairs .@bob vows to do a better job in the future .
john was a truck driver who had just started his job . he pulled over one night to fill up his truck 's gas tank .  but he filled the tank with regular fuel , not diesel !  john caused serious engine trouble for the truck . @john called the police .@john got fired .
eva hid easter eggs in her house for her children to find . they found all but one egg .  when they could not find the last , they assumed they had miscounted .   a week later , eva smelled something strange behind the bookcase .  @she looked down and saw that she had forgotten to add it .@eva found the egg !
down in mountains lived a large family . the dad had a red truck . one day it snowed . they needed food so the dad got in the truck . @they went to the store and bought pizza .@he drove the truck through the snow to the store and got food .
christie had to complete an art project for school . she decided to complete a self portrait . she bought lots of watercolor paints . she worked for many days on her painting . @when she was done , she was very happy .@she was pleased with the finished product .
ellen 's family went to the mountains to cut down a fresh tree . they searched and searched before finding the perfect christmas tree .  just as her dad was about to make the first cut , they noticed a nest .  there was a family of squirrels living in the tree . @they had a lot of fun .@ellen stopped her dad from cutting the tree .
rachel found out that she had cancer . she was very scared . rachel told her family and it was very difficult . they all cried . @they had to go to the hospital .@they prayed that she would get better .
joe woke up on a cold morning . he tried to find a good pair of pants to wear . all of his pants were too dirty to wear . he had to put on shorts and go about his day . @he went to the store and bought a new pair .@he was cold all day .
alice sent a message to bob . chuck intercepted alice 's message . chuck used the message to game the stock market .  chuck made a fortune , but alice and bob were bankrupted .  @at the end of the day , chuck was ready to go to work .@chuck decided to split his money with alice and bob .
a family of four went to the local beach for a day . the family found a few toy shovels that had been left behind . they decided to building a small sand castle together . before long the small sand castle ended up being a large sand castle . @the castle was ruined .@the family was proud of their creation .
jake had recently gotten a new cell phone . the very first thing he tried to do was take a selfie . he dropped his phone on the pavement while trying to do so . his phone was scuffed up on the back side . @he had to call the cops .@jake returned to the store for a plastic cover for the phone .
lauren was an unusual girl .  unlike many girls who feared bugs , lauren loved them .  she was fascinated by their structure and movements . lauren 's friends made fun of her for her strange interest . @she decided to try it .@lauren did n't care and continued to study bugs .
julie was sitting in the front of a speedboat . the driver wanted to go over a huge wave .  they flew over the wave , going really high in the air .   when they crashed back down , julie hit her face on the boat .  @she was very sad .@the driver immediately stopped to help julie .
lulu and jill had been friends for years . however this summer they had a disagreement . the fight ruined their friendship . lulu was not sure they could be friends again . @it was the best day of the year .@ jill reached out , however , and they repaired their relationship . 
one day i was walking on the sidewalk . i saw an old dog on the driveway nearby . he looked at me and barked . i tried to run away because i was startled . @i ended up running away .@i ran away and then got away .
tom went whale watching today . he had never been on such a big boat before . once the boat got out into the ocean tom was excited . a huge whale came up to the side of the boat . @the whale swam away .@tom ca n't wait until the next time he can go on a whale watch .
bev was cleaning out her childhood bedroom . her parents were moving after 25 years in the same house . she came across her diary from 7th grade . she smiled as she read the thoughts of her younger self . @when she got home , she realized she forgot her homework .@bev decided to start writing in her diary again .
jane spent many hours packing for her flight . she went to bed late . hours later her alarm went off three times . she did not wake up . @she had to go to the hospital .@jane did n't make her flight in time .
drew was drawing a picture when he heard meowing at the door .  he opened the door to find a wet , dirty kitten standing at the door .  drew decided to draw flyers to post around town about the kitten .  three days later , a man named larry called about his lost kitten .  @larry was upset that he did n't have a kitten .@larry came to pick up his kitten .
florence loves the way that her friends look in summer dresses . she decides that she wants to have one too . she visits her local mall and finds a beautiful dress with flowers . florence tries it on and it fits perfectly . @she is happy that she finally finds a job .@she felt beautiful with her new dress on .
i went camping with my church group as a child . i was excited to be there .  one day , i got really sick .   i did n't get better , so they called my mother .  @she told me that she did n't want to go .@my mom came and got me .
key wanted to play softball . she challenged a few friends to a game . they happily accepted . key focused hard and did her best . @finally , she was able to make it to work .@key was a good player .
gayle lived by a pond where a lot of geese lived .  sometimes she would go to visit the geese , but they scared her .   one day , she brought some pieces of bread to feed them .  the geese came up to her to eat the bread . @she did n't know what to do .@gayle had fun feeding the geese .
quentin had never gone hunting before . this last weekend his friends invited him with them . they were going to camp out and hunt for a few days . he agreed to go . @they went to the park .@quentin really enjoyed the hunting trip .
kate was interested in taking karate . kate searched the yellow pages for a qualified school . kate found a school that peaked her interest .  in visiting the school , kate was excited to join .  @she was excited to go to school .@kate practiced often and became great .
little richie was tired of being picked on . he wanted it to change for the better . little richie starts taking karate to defend himself . he showed off his new skills in friend of his bully . @the bully did n't know what to do .@little richie no longer has to be afraid of being bullied .
brad was camping in the mountains with his friends . they roasted marshmallows all night . when they woke up in the morning there was a bobcat in the camp ! brad was scared to come out of his tent . @he did n't know what to do .@the bobcat was actually his friend in a costume .
the lambert family was hungry and needed to pick up dinner . they saw a commercial for steak and shake on television . the commercial said they have four dollar meals . the lamberts went to the restaurant and ate hamburgers . @the food was delicious .@the lamberts were full after the meal .
amy 's mom was beyond angry . she wanted to know why amy and her friends were out at 12 am . amy decided to tell the truth . her mother was furious . @she asked her mother to help her .@amy was grounded .
tim 's arch enemy on the playground made a sudden appearance .  this was during the 3rd period break , a time normally tim was alone .  tim mustered up his courage to go face his arch enemy . he approached jane and told her to stay away from him . @jane and jane decided to go to the park .@tim was glad he stood up to jane .
gray wanted to be a weightlifter . he practiced at the gym after school . he lifted heavier and heavier weights . soon he was confident in his abilities . @he practiced every day .@he won a weightlifting competition .
i have never been to the airport . i had to take a trip to california to see my family . unfortunately i did n't know what to do with my belongings . the airport staff had to explain everything to me . @when i got to the airport i was shocked .@i was a little embarrassed by my inexperience with air travel .
tony loved maria . they had been dating for a year . he decided to propose to her . he got her a great ring and popped the question . @when she opened the package , she was amazed .@maria said yes .
jay was starting his first shift as a dog walker . he was afraid . he feared the dogs would be mean to him ! but then he found that they were all very friendly . @they had a great time !@jay was relieved .
gina went to her room to begin working on her report . she found the subject boring . she kept daydreaming . she had n't realized how long her mind had been wandering . @she decided to go to the library .@ when gina looked at the clock , she saw she had wasted an hour . 
i took my car in for an oil change . i informed them that i would be waiting in the lobby .  after an hour , i checked to see if it was done yet .  i was told that they did n't even have it started yet . @so , i decided to go to the doctor .@ angrily , i left with my car and went somewhere else . 
i 've always loved penguins . i wanted to take a trip to the zoo to see the penguins . i saved money for a few weeks to get tickets and gas money together . i went to the zoo with my brother . @the monkeys were very friendly .@we had a lot of fun .
amy saw a lovely black dress when she was shopping .  she loved the dress , but it was too expensive .  just then a cashier walked by and told amy the dress was on sale . amy decided to buy the dress . @she went to the store and bought a dress .@amy was excited !
a police officer pulled a woman over for speeding . she protested that she had not been speeding . the officer wrote the ticket anyway . she went to traffic court to argue the ticket . @when she got there , she realized she was lost .@the woman succeeded in reversing her ticket .
eric was overly excited for lunch today . the cafeteria was serving his absolute favorite meal . he loved the school 's pizza and french fries . he sprinted to the lunch line but it was too late . @when he got home , he realized he had forgotten his lunch !@eric had to settle for cold peanut butter and jelly for lunch .
kelly was taking her daughter to get her first shot . her daughter got scared and started crying . kelly tried to soothe her . the shot was painful . @the shot ended up falling .@kelly 's daughter kept on crying .
carla has always wanted to visit fiji . she saved up for four years to be able to afford the trip . when she finally had enough money she purchased her ticket . upon arriving in fiji she knew she had made the right choice ! @she was so happy that she had to go to the emergency room .@carla had a great time in fiji .
tea was chewing some bubble gum on the couch . she accidentally fell asleep .  when she woke up , she found the gum had fallen into her hair .  she had to get it cut out . @she went to the doctor .@now tea is much more careful about spitting out her gum .
susan had very little money left in her food fund for the month . she went to the dollar store to see what she could find . she bought a few kinds of canned foods and a sparkling water .  at home , she mixed the canned food into a pot and cooked it .  @then , she put it in the oven .@susan poured the food into a bowl and ate it .
eliza was excited to buy her first pair of true religion jeans . the jeans cost 300 dollars and eliza was excited to finally get them . all the girls at school had them and eliza wanted to just fit in . she walked into the store and found the perfect pair . @when she got home , she realized she forgot her shoes .@she paid for them and was excited .
mike and his buddies wanted something to do . they looked around and realized they had several guns and goggles . they decided to go outside and play airsoft . they set up in a forest and played all afternoon . @when they got home , they had a great time .@mike had a great time .
ned wants a hobby that will get him outside . he decides to plant a vegetable garden in his yard .  ned plants tomato , eggplant , and pepper in his garden .  he is surprised by how much work it takes . @he is very happy that he got a promotion .@ned is proud of his hard work and tasty vegetables .
jean helped a customer with a big layaway .  the next day , the customer paid some money to take out an item .  the customer kept coming back to do the same all week .  when she stopped coming , jean checked her layaway .  @she could n't find them anywhere !@ the layaway bag was empty , with money still owed . 
i got a new laptop last month . for a long time it was great . i was able to do a lot with it . unfortunately it broke yesterday . @thankfully it was fixed .@i am going to try and have it repaired .
 for rachel 's birthday , her husband took her out to the river .  they set up a blanket on the beach and enjoyed a picnic .  after they ate , they went for a swim .   when they got bored of that , they went and bought some ice cream .  @they went to the store and bought some ice cream .@rachel had a wonderful time .
gina had purchased a cd single of a song she liked . there were only 2 songs printed on the cd . she was anxious to hear the second song . this was a new artist so she had n't heard much from him . @the artist asked her to dance .@after listening she liked the 2nd song more than the first .
i woke up one morning for work feeling ill . i put on my clothes and left my house in a struggle .  when i got to work , i barely made it into the building .  my boss saw that i was visibly ill and told me to go home . @i told my boss that i had to quit .@i was angry with my boss because work gives no sick leave .
tiff wanted to lose body fat . she needed some motivation to be successful . tiff joined a dietbet for thirty five dollars . she was successful at her goal . @she was determined to win .@tiff was encouraged to do more .
briana was riding a four wheeler with her brother . they were going fast down a dirt road .  suddenly , they hit a rock .  the four-wheeler flipped . @when it was done , it was very cold .@briana began to cry .
amy 's class went on a field trip to see a mid summer night 's dream . they arrived at the theater and found their seats . amy was in awe of the actors discipline and talent . after the play she was able to speak with the cast . @the teacher was able to speak with her .@amy was thrilled .
a radio dj announced a prize to the 100th caller . the dj was lying about the prize . he just enjoyed talking to people on the phone . he told each caller that they were the 99th caller . @the next day , he received a phone call from the principal .@ several called back to win the prize , and caught the dj lying . 
steve was always told to never fight with other kids .  it was bad to get into a fight , or so his mother always told him .  however at school there were some bullies that would n't leave . so one day he got into a fight with one of them . @they both ended up fighting .@steve was proud that he stood up for himself .
bernie started to get tired of telemarketing calls . the phone had already rung six times in the past few hours . the phone just then rang again . bernie picked up the phone to hear some snickering . @when he got home , he realized that his phone was gone .@bernie realized it was his friend prank calling .
sue wanted a pet . she told her mom she wanted a dolphin . her mom told her that would n't be possible . so her mom got her a new goldfish the next day . @she took it home and fed it .@sue liked the fish .
chase and his girlfriend got into a fight . they went to bed mad . in the morning they sat and talked . finally they made up and hugged . @they had a great time !@they promised not to go to bed mad anymore .
 kim sobbed and made gasping , hurt sounds .  her beloved cat was a crimson spot of fur and entrails . his blood was running down the driveway into the gutter . her dad sternly told her to stop her caterwauling . @she had to go to the hospital .@kim then went and got a replacement cat .
jill wanted to knit her boyfriend a sweater . she taught herself how to knit and bought supplies . she finished the sweater just in time for her boyfriend 's birthday . jill was excited as she presented her boyfriend with her creation . @when they arrived at the beach , jill was shocked .@jill 's boyfriend told her he loved the sweater .
elaine was preparing an easter basket for her niece . elaine learned that her niece love peppa pig . elaine went to the store and purchased several peppa pig items .  after purchasing the items , elaine assembled the easter basket .  @elaine was pleased with elaine 's easter basket .@her niece saw the basket and hugged elaine around the neck .
megan owned an apple orchard . she needed to have some of her apple trees pruned . she called her neighbor mark to see if she could borrow his saw . mark said he would drop it off in the morning on his way to school . @he did n't know what to do .@the next day mark brought her saw as promised .
today i wrote a lot of stories . i sat down and thought about each one .  then , i typed it carefully into the boxes .   finally , i submitted the stories .  @it was a great story .@i wanted to finish the project successfully .
i got a cell phone case yesterday from the same place i got my phone . i dropped my phone two days later when i was walking down the street . both the new case and my phone broke ! i went back to the store to tell them the case does n't work well . @when i got to the store , i realized i forgot my phone .@ they gave me a refund for the case , but not the phone . 
it was time for carson to run a mile . he put on his running shoes . he started running along the sidewalk by his house . after running a half mile carson was very tired . @he went to the store and bought some weights .@carson slowed his pace so that he could finish the mile .
ed went to the supermarket with a stack of coupons . he loaded a cart with a lot of food . when he went to check out he took out his coupons . the coupons reduced the bill by a lot of money . @bill decided to sell the coupons .@ed was very happy about the money he 'd saved .
ivan broke his foot . he had to use a wheelchair for a few months . finally his doctor told him he could walk again . ivan stood up and took a few shaky steps . @he hit his head on the side of the road .@ivan was happy to be on his feet again .
janet was attending her last year at a university . she wanted to maintain her high gpa . janet 's professor told her that upcoming exams could impact her gpa . janet began studying for an additional two hours each day . @when she got home , she realized she had forgotten her homework !@janet 's studying paid off and she passed the exams swimmingly .
troy started watching as many nature documentaries as he could.` . he had watched a great show on bactrian camels . that set him off on the nature doc kick . he started to bore his friends with too many nature facts . @one of them decided to take him to the museum .@his friends still listened to be enlightened .
there was once a little kitten that did not have a home . the poor kitten walked around cold and hungry .  one day , a nice lady let the kitten into her home .  the woman gave the kitten food and a bed . @the kitten was very happy .@the kitten was happy to be adopted .
jane was selling chocolate bars for high school band .  she carried the chocolate in her backpack , but forgot to sell them .   she often ate a bar after school , or during lunch .   she realized the money for the bars were due , and she had eaten them !  @she had to go to the store to buy more .@jane had to pay for the bars .
i looked in the cabinet for pie flavor . we did n't have any pie flavor . i went to the store but they were out of pie flavor . i made my pie without flavor anyway . @i decided to try it .@predictably the pie was not flavorful .
yesterday was kelly 's first concert . she was nervous to get on stage . as soon as she got on the audience applauded . kelly was then happy . @she was thrilled .@she could n't wait to do it again .
 one day , my wife 's sister came over to the house to show us her puppy .  she told us that she had just gotten the puppy across the street . my sons begged me to get them one .  i told them that if they would care for it , they could have it .  @they told me that they could n't afford it .@ my son said they would , so we got a dog . 
 me and my girlfriend went to buffalo , new york .  we then got to experience niagara falls . we walked around a lot then went on a boat . i took a lot of photographs . @i had a great time .@i had a great time .
bob decided to go camping . he forgot the mosquito spray .  consequently , many mosquitos bit bob .  bob was infected with malaria . @bob was diagnosed with cancer .@ bob got very sick , and learned a lesson . 
bob needed money . he decided to look for a part time job . he applied to five different places . one of them gave bob an interview . @bob got the job .@bob excelled in the interview and got the job .
my left computer speaker went out . i jiggled the wires on the speaker and computer . i shook the speaker violently . i slammed the speaker onto the desk a few times . @the teacher gave me detention for a week .@but the speaker still did not work .
keith wanted a puppy for his birthday . he dropped hints to his parents . but they did not seem to notice ! keith was not hopeful as he unwrapped his gifts . @he was glad he 'd made it to his christmas party !@ unsurprisingly , no puppy was found . 
my niece just got engaged . she is chinese and her fiance is caucasian . her parents had them over for a home cooked meal . the fiance got nausea from the unfamiliar dishes and had to leave . @when he got home , he realized he had left his wallet at home .@my niece was very upset that her fiance was sick .
timmy felt that he was too shy . he could n't talk to people he had n't met before without difficulty . he joined a community service club to socialize .  he met some great , nice people that became good friends of his .  @one day , he decided to quit his job .@timmy has become less shy now .
it had been snowing all night . the kids woke up early and asked their mom if school was cancelled . mom said that school was closed today and that it was a snow day . the kids rushed to get their coats and winter gear on . @when they got to the beach , they saw a bear .@they ran outside to play .
linda went on vacation and visited a beach . she collected a bunch of sea shells . linda brought the shells home and made them into necklaces . she posted pictures and her friends loved them . @one day she decided to make a new friend .@they all began asking to her make necklaces for them .
jimmy wanted a pet cat . he went to the animal shelter to acquire a pet cat . when jimmy saw a black dog he was instantly smitten . the black dog jumped up and licked jimmy 's face . @jimmy 's mom took the dog to the vet .@jimmy adopted the dog .
i called the dmv yesterday to get a reinstated driver 's license . they told me i would need to come in and fill out a form .  after i left the house , i headed down to the dmv .  i filled the form our promptly . @the dealer gave me a refund .@the dmv decided to reinstate my driver 's license .
tara wanted to buy a new shirt for her upcoming school formal . she went to the mall with her mom . they browsed shirts from a variety of stores . tara picked out a floral patterned shirt that she liked best . @at the end of the day , tara was able to enjoy her day off .@tara looked forward to wearing it .
sigmund could not help but read too deep into everything . his friend told him about one of his dreams concerning a bird . sigmund told his friend that he must feel trapped and desire escape .  his friend found this unpleasant , and distanced himself from sigmund .  @at the end of the day , the two had a great time .@sigmund learned to keep some thoughts to himself .
sarah was notorious for overpacking . this year she decided to only take one piece of luggage . she picked the biggest one she had . she selected items carefully . @she bought all the items she needed .@sarah was able to under pack for a change .
anthony was nervous for the big rugby match . his team was playing their rivals in the league .  as the game began , the rival team quickly took the lead .  anthony and his team worked extra hard to fight back . @anthony 's team won the game .@his team managed to secure a narrow victory .
laurie came home from the store one day and saw the door open . she was suspicious and called the police .  when they arrived , they found a woman inside , stealing jewelry .  she was arrested and they found many other stolen items with her . @they had a great time .@laurie was glad the police came quickly .
sarah and dan were looking for a new apartment . their friend heard about this process . he wanted to live with them in the new city . he got a job in the same city . @he did n't know what to do .@sarah and dan had a loyal friend .
jenny had a big crush on leroy . they were at the school dance . she mustered up her courage to ask him for a dance . he told her no and laughed with his friends . @they all had a great time .@she ran away and cried to her mom .
james was very low on money and needed food . so he decided to count his pennies and see what he came up with . he came up with three dollars and eight cents . but then he remembered he had a visa gift card from his birthday ! @he took the card to the local pawn shop .@james was then able to buy himself food .
susie drives a long way to work everyday . she noticed a dark spot where she parks in the driveway .  since she was concerned , she took her car to a mechanic .  the mechanic told her that she had an oil leak . @the mechanic fixed the oil .@susie started thinking about getting new car .
victor had always thought that he needed a rice cooker to make rice . one day his friend tells him that rice can be made in any pan .  at first he does n't believe this , but one day he tries making it .  victor 's rice comes out perfectly cooked ! @he decides to make a pizza .@victor was amazed .
bob bought a new fridge . he moved all the stuff from the old fridge into the new one .  unfortunately , bob forgot to turn the fridge on .  all the food was spoiled overnight . @he had to go to the hospital .@bob was very upset when he woke up .
amy watched all the shows she wanted on hulu . she was n't using it anymore so she cancelled her subscription . a week after cancelling one of her favorite shows was added to hulu . she decided to restart her membership . @after a few weeks , she started to feel better .@now she is also watching new shows and loves hulu !
gina was at her grandpa 's funeral . she did n't want to see the body . but her mother insisted they all view it .  gina tried , but was unable to talk her way out of it .  @she decided to go to the doctor .@gina went up to her grandpa and saw he was finally at peace .
bod and sally have been married for over 50 years . there anniversary is coming up soon . their daughter decided to throw them a party . the celebration theme was memory lane . @she was nervous about going .@bod and sally had a great time at their party .
i was more nervous for the first day of college than of kindergarten . i cried the night before and was shaking that morning . my first class was spanish and the professor was very enthusiastic . i left with a smile on my face and feeling confident . @i went to the store and bought a new video game .@that positive attitude remained with me all day .
genny put the final touches on her float . paper roses and flowing tassels made it look cheery and bright . she proudly pulled into her spot in the parade . it suddenly started to rain . @the rain began to rain .@her float was ruined .
at the amusement park amy and beth wanted to ride the pirate ship .  they were brave in line , but were scared as the boarded the ride .  amy and beth as next to each other and held hands . when the ride began beth screamed and bit amy 's arm . @amy had n't realized amy was hurt .@ after the ride , amy had to go to first aid center . 
a car was driving across this abandoned road . a deer ended up moving out of the vines .  since the driver was scared by the deer , he did n't hesitate to stop .  the deer died from injury . @the deer died .@ the driver drove off shaken , but unhurt . 
sue got a white bunny for easter . she named him fred .  about two weeks after she got him , sue got a big surprise .  there were five baby bunnies in the hutch with fred . @fred was very sad .@fred must be a female rabbit .
haley went to target one morning . she saw a new mom with a baby . the baby 's car seat was balanced on the shopping cart . haley watched the car seat wobble . @she thought it would be boring .@haley reached out to save the baby .
tom 's favorite team was playing in the playoff games . he ran home to turn on the television just in time . he watched the game and cheered when his team made a touchdown . his team won the game . @his team won .@tom was happy .
my kids had head lice a while back . all four of them got it . we had to clean the entire house . we treated their hair twice to make sure it was gone . @we finally found it in the end .@the source of the lice was never determined .
i was feeling really crappy one day . i felt sick like i was about to faint .  i went to the hospital , and stayed overnight .   i was so antsy , because they had no answers for me .  @however , i ended up failing the test .@i decided to get a second opinion from a different hospital .
norm was having a very bad day yesterday . he was sitting at home when he heard a knock at the door . there was a package waiting on his doorstep . norm opened the package to find a gift from his mother . @he opened it up and saw that it had been stolen .@the gift made norm 's day a lot better .
jan wanted to cook breakfast but she did n't know how . sue helped her .  they made toast , eggs , hashbrowns , and bacon .  it looked delicious . @it was delicious .@jan had fun cooking .
rose wanted to go to the award ceremony . she did n't have anything appropriate to wear to such an occasion . she called a friend and asked if she could borrow her nicest dress . the friend invited her over and rose looked through her wardrobe . @the friend was very impressed with her .@she picked a beautiful dress .
seven men went to the river .  joe was the youngest , full of pride .   he jumped in the water , even though he knew that he could n't swim well .  the tide was too strong for him . @he decided to run away .@the oldest man had to save joe .
i decided after being a fan for along time to begin a fan club . i asked all of my friends to join and sent emails out . it was n't long before i had people interested ! we scheduled a day to meet and discuss the beginnings . @the next day , we went out to dinner .@i brought lots of snacks and drinks for the meeting .
it was kathy 's first day on the job . this was her very first job and she was excited . she made sure to look her best and have her best foot forward . when kathy arrived she was greeted with open arms . @she sat in the front of the class waiting for the class .@she loved her job and ended up staying for 3 years .
jenny felt something wiggling around in her mouth . it was her first loose tooth . she did n't tell anyone because she knew they 'd try to pull it out .  after about a week , she proudly showed her mom the tooth in her hand .  @the next morning , her mom found the tooth under the pillow .@jenny 's mom congratulated her .
ora had to get a false tooth and she was sad . she thought it would be ugly and she would be mocked . then she saw the tooth the dentist had put in . it looked exactly like her other teeth ! @she had to go to the dentist .@ora was happy with her new smile .
brady came across a yard sale by one of his neighbor 's house . they were giving away some personal belongings that are old . he found this set of clothes that he was interested in . the neighbor told him that it was $ 30 dollars for all three shirts . @he did n't know what to do .@brady decided not to buy the shirts .
kim was going to the mall with her aunt to see santa . they arrived at the mall and could see the line from the parking lot . they waited in line for two hours . when it was kim 's turn she was afraid of santa . @her mother told her to wait until the last minute .@kim insisted her mother come with her .
 terry was a popular , good looking classmate of mine .  he was loved by all the girls .  one day , i heard that he was shot and killed .  he was the first person i knew who had been murdered . @he told me that he was a bad person .@i could n't eat all day from shock .
a strange structure appeared on the outside of connie 's house one day .  after some inspection , connie realized it was a wasp nest .  she called an exterminator to come get them . the exterminator came and got rid of the wasps quickly . @it was a huge mess .@connie was happy that the nest was gone .
jennifer was bored one saturday . she decided to alleviate her boredom with a hike . she drove to a national park to go hiking . jennifer hiked for hours . @when she returned home , she felt much better .@jennifer was tired when she finished .
faye was completely broke and the bills were piling up . she had a recurring medical problem and the treatment was not cheap .  in desperation , she considered stealing from a friend of hers .   before going through with it , she applied for government aid .  @finally , she received an email from her employer .@faye 's friend offered a loan as she waited for the aid to arrive .
trina was trying to lose weight .  because of this , she would have a salad every day for lunch .   however , she was really starting to get sick of them .   so one day , she went and got fast food .  @she ended up having a great time .@trina regretted what she did .
jan took her parents to the rodeo when they visited . she was thrilled to find room to sit in the front row . jan 's mom opened her mouth in awe as the horses galloped by .  just then , the horses ' feet threw up a spray of dirt and dung .  @after a few minutes , it began to rain .@ jan 's mom quickly ducked , so the dirt and dung missed her face . 
the man was walking his puppy without a leash . the puppy usually followed him . one day the man was crossing an intersection with a lot of cars . the puppy ran ahead . @the puppy ran away .@the poor puppy was hit by a car .
yesterday i made a massive mistake . i decided to defrost a hot pepper in the microwave . to my dismay the pepper caught on fire . i was horrified . @i could n't find it .@the hardest part was eating it while it burned .
janel was driving to the office when she heard a loud bang . suddenly the car began to vibrate very heavily . janel put on her hazard lights and pulled over .  upon inspection , she found she had a flat tire .  @she went to the tire store and bought a flat tire .@jane changed her tire and drove to the office .
jake loved to travel . he was planning a hiking trip to montana . he bought lots of camping gear to prepare for the trip . jake learned he could n't go on the trip due to a business meeting . @jake decided to go to the grand canyon .@he was very upset .
kaylee owned a ferret who always ran free around the house . one day she could not find her ferret . she put flyers all over the neighborhood . there was a knock at the door three days later . @there was no one there .@someone found her ferret .
amy was moving out of town . the best part was quitting her horrible job . she walked into her boss 's office with her head high . she firmly told him she was quitting . @he asked her if she was okay .@she laughed on her way out the door .
amy was swimming in the ocean on her vacation . suddenly she felt a horrible sting .  looking down , she saw a jellyfish swimming away .  amy crawled onto the beach in agony . @she was proud of herself for being such a good swimmer .@amy went to the doctor for treatment .
shay was meeting with a woman who wanted to hire a nanny . they met in a starbucks and ordered some drinks .  with their drinks , they sat down and got to know each other .   finally , the woman offered shay the position .  @after a few months , she was able to get the job .@shay was thrilled .
my friend is easily offended . i say things that are offensive . the other day we were hanging out . i said something offensive and he got upset . @he told me that he 's allergic to bees .@i apologized and my friend forgave me .
doreen loved orange flavored ice cream . one day when she was playing doreen fell . she broke her leg and was crying a lot . doreen 's mom wanted to make her feel better . @she decided to do something about it .@doreen 's mom gave her orange flavored ice cream .
tim 's girlfriend loves romantic gestures . time is very bad at them . last week he took her out to dinner and bought her flowers . it was nice and sweet . @i decided to go with her .@tim seemed to get better at romantic gestures .
eric was walking around a pond at a local park . he saw a turtle on a rock a few feet from the shore . he stepped into the water to try to catch the turtle .  suddenly , he sank knee deep into the mud and got stuck .  @he was rushed to the hospital .@someone walking on the shore ran over to rescue eric .
i went to the store to buy some paper . the clerk looked at me weird when i brought it up . he run it up anyways .  as i left the store , i realized why he looked at me weird .  @i called the police and they arrested me .@the paper i bought was for little kids .
ted tried out for the baseball team at school . he did not make the team though . his coach told him he needed to be able to it the ball better . teddy spent the next year practicing his baseball swing . @he was very proud of his swing .@ he tried out for the team again and this time , he made it . 
last christmas my family decided to decorate . it was the first time we ever did . we bought a lot of different items . everyone helped put things up . @everyone was happy .@it was nice to all decorate together .
javier thought that motorcycles seemed very cool . his parents warned him that motorcycles were very dangerous .  still , he bought a motorcycle and began taking lessons .  now he drives his motorcycle to work every day . @he is happy that he finally sees a motorcycle .@he loves his bike .
kate went on her very first date with rich .  they went to a steakhouse , but kate was a vegetarian .  rich spent the whole night talking about himself .  at the end of the date , he asked kate to pay for her dinner .  @she said yes .@kate decided to not date rich again .
year 's ago i wondered what was my life 's purpose . i volunteered my for services for many social organizations . i learned i like helping people bring about change . i discovered i wanted to help resolve many of the world 's problems . @i went to the library and bought a set of land .@i devoted my life to helping others .
the smith 's house was in sad shape . they had been saving for a renovation and today was the day . all the old and dreary looking parts of the house were redone . the builders did an amazing job . @he was able to get a new one .@ they had a happy dinner in the kitchen , 
every year the smiths go on a camping trip . this year they decided to go to colorado to camp . the family took the trailer and the goods to go . the kids were excited . @they had a lot of fun .@it was a great trip and they had a good time .
i was tired of working at walmart . the hours were bad . the store music was awful . i handed my two weeks in to the manager . @i was happy to see the manager .@i then found another job and was happy .
my dad was babysitting me while my mom was out of town . i decided to go play with kids at the playground . the kids immediately threw dirt in my hair and my eyes . i ran home and my dad washed me and my hair . @i was so happy to have my hair cut .@i decided to never play with those kids again .
brad was excited for his first amateur mixed martial arts fight . he invited all of his friends and family to watch him compete . the night of the fight brad was confident as he marched into the ring .  the first round did n't goal well though , and brad 's face was busted up  @brad had to go to the hospital and get a new one .@brad lost his match and his family thought less of him .
tommy had always dreamed of having a dog . he begged his parents to get one .  finally on tommy 's birthday , his parents gave him a dog !  tommy named his dog spot . @tommy 's dog was very lonely .@tommy and spot became best friends .
six year old joe came home with ripped pants . he also gave his parents a note saying he had misbehaved . joe 's father yelled at him . joe 's mother gave him a hug and asked for an explanation . @the next day , joe 's mother told him he had a bad idea .@joe admitted it was all his fault .
marco feels very tired this afternoon at work . he decides he needs to make a pot of coffee . he brews a very strong pot of coffee and has a first cup . finally he feels a little bit less tired . @he feels much better about himself .@he has a very productive day .
 last christmas was so special , because my new niece was born .  the whole family was brought together to see her .  i bought tiny , new baby clothes for her .  her birth brought the family closer than it 's ever been . @she was so excited to have a new baby .@my niece touched my heart .
my brother had a lot of candy after halloween .  however , he did n't like candy .   so , he decided to give his candy away .   he gave his candy to his neighbors , who had a lot of children .  @one day , his neighbor came to visit .@the family and children were grateful to my brother .
ted had a laptop that he used to work .  one day while working , the laptop crashed .   ted tried everything he could , but the laptop would n't turn on .  ted finally borrowed a friend 's computer to go online and buy another . @ted was able to buy his friend a new computer .@ted waited for the new computer to arrive .
gina walked home as the sun was setting . it was 8 pm and it was still blazing hot outside . gina had no where to go but home . in the house the fans in the windows did nothing the kill the heat . @the house was destroyed .@gina wished she could afford an air conditioner .
it was a rivalry hockey game . the blues were playing the blackhawks . the blackhawks scored 5 in the first period . the blues trailed by 3 in the third period . @the students are happy to see the results .@ by the end of the match , the blackhawks won . 
jon woke up and went to his living room . his dog was still sleeping . jon decided to wake up his dog . his dog refused to wake up . @he decided to take the dog to the vet .@jon was very worried .
jeff started a new job where he would start at four in the morning . the night before he was so nervous that he set three alarms . he was worried he would n't wake up that early . that thought stayed with him all night and he barely slept . @the next morning , he woke up in the hospital .@jeff was tired in the morning .
i purchased a t-shirt on ebay .  since my screen 's brightness was low , i did n't see the shirt 's color .  the package came during the end up the week . i decided to open the box quickly . @i put the box in the box .@the t-shirt was a terrible color and i hated it .
marle was a doctor . she performed surgery on mister pink . she took out mister pink 's appendix and stitched him up . but mister pink was there for a vasectomy . @she had no idea what to do .@mister pink suede marie for malpractice .
jerry was running for class president . he ran a dirty campaign against his opponent . he made up lies and spread rumors . he won by a landslide . @he decided to study hard .@but he felt guilty .
terry had to catch a bus to make it to work on time .  however , she met a series of misfortunes on morning .  she lost her shoes and her keys .  as she walked to the bus stop , she saw the bus starting to pull away .  @as she walked down the street , the bus stopped .@mary missed the bus and had to walk to her destination .
tom was jealous of his brother . his brother was older and stronger . his brother went wherever he wanted . one day his brother was grounded for staying out too late . @he decided to go to the doctor .@this made tom really happy .
tom was running in the park . his shoe laces became undone and he tripped and fell . tom noticed people laughing at him when he got up . he went to a shoe store and bought shoes with a velcro strap . @he wore them to school .@tom never had to worry about laces again .
the shoe store salesman was rude to me the other day . i told him his attitude was out of line . he quickly lead me out the store . i wrote a letter regarding my experience to the local paper . @i wrote a letter to the letter .@the shoe store lost many customers .
shy anna was not very popular in high school . people thought she was too boring .  little did they know , by night she was a guitarist in a local band .  soon her band was garnering national attention . @kelly was thrilled .@soon people discovered who she was and loved her .
i got some bad news this morning . my lifelong friend stacy was moving to europe .  as i hung the phone up , i started to cry .  i spent all morning going through old picture albums . @i went to the store and bought all the supplies .@i will miss stacy a lot .
sal the radio dj queued up his music for the night and sat down . his assistant said they were having computer issues that day . sal tried to fix it himself but he could not play any songs . instead he just spoke to his listeners for two hours . @he decided to go to the dentist .@they loved it .
greg was a nurse . some people called him a murse . he hated that term because it was stupid and insulting . he punched each of them in the face . @one of them ran away .@greg was then fired from his job for being too violent .
brian was a highschool student who felt sure of his intelligence . he had a big test coming up but felt sure that he would pass . brian did not study for the test .  when brian took the test , he realized he was unprepared .  @brian decided to take a break .@brian felt lucky that he got a c on the test .
artie had a baseball he had acquired as a child . his father had given it to him as a gift . artie decided to give it to his son as a heirloom . his son lost the ball one day at the park . @his son was very sad .@artie was quite upset .
i wrote a prompt and posted it online . readers of my prompt wanted more . i wrote a short story that expanded on the prompt . my prompt readers grew and they wanted even more . @after a few months , i started to become a professional expert .@i decided to start a blog .
james was having a girl over for dinner . he was excited but nervous about cooking a meal .  after looking up recipes , he went to the store and got ingredients .  he went home and cooked a very nice meal for two . @when he got home he realized he forgot his wallet .@james was proud of himself .
danny was craving a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . he got out his bread and put on the peanut butter . quickly after he remembered he did n't have jelly .  instead of going to store , he just ate it as is .  @he decided to take a nap .@danny loved peanut butter anyway .
timmy was going to die of bone cancer . there is no known cure . his final wish is to meet his idol .  his favorite singer , billy idol .  @he won the contest .@timmy got to meet billy idol .
my boyfriend took me to amsterdam for new years . it was extremely romantic . we watched the fireworks from our hotel room .  afterwards , we took a steaming hot bath together .  @afterwards , we went home .@the bath relaxed us and we went to sleep .
fred went on vacation . he got on the bus and headed to miami ! he got some sun on the beach ! he ate lots of fish ! @alas , he was sick .@fred felt relaxed .
candace is excited that she has moved into her own apartment . she decides to throw a party to celebrate . candace makes food and invites her friends and sister . everyone loves candace 's new apartment . @one day , she decided to buy a new car .@candice was happy that people liked her apartment .
tim stepped out to check the mailbox . he did n't close the door all the way . his dog shot out at a full run . tim tried to catch him but it was too late . @he did n't know what to do .@tim had to get the car to find his dog .
tony wanted to make french fries . he bought a big bag of potatoes .  then , he cut the potatoes into strips .  he fried the potatoes into french fries . @he ate the chicken and ate it .@ after all of his work , he had very tasty french fries to eat . 
mary was unhappy .  she saw the weather forecast for her prom , and it said rainy .  the dance was outdoors and rainy would ruin it !  but then on prom night , the weather cleared .  @she decided to go to prom .@mary had a wonderful time at prom .
bob dropped off his car to get an oil change . when he got his car back it started to sound funny . smoke began to come out of his car . the mechanic forgot to put oil in his car . @the mechanic fixed the car .@bob was livid !
susan was five year 's old when she got her first puppy . she named the puppy sammy . sammy was a black poodle . susan mom bought her another puppy so sammy would have a playmate . @susan decided to adopt the puppy .@sammy got along really well with the new puppy .
anna was craving candy . she had none in her house ! she was desperate for junk food . she went next door and asked her neighbor . @her neighbor 's neighbor came over to help her .@her neighbor gave her a candy bar .
dave painted in his bed . the splashed some blue on the canvas . the canvas then needed some red ! he then threw in some yellow paint ! @he was so happy with his new painting !@his attempt to fix the painting failed !
aaron sipped a fruity drink on the beach . he had been waiting for this vacation for months .  out of nowhere , a volleyball slammed into his lap .  his drink was knocked out of his hand . @he fell on the ground .@he laughed it off and ordered another drink .
 i was driving down a very unfamiliar , congested highway .  the gps directed me to a longer route on a different road .  i gladly took the other road , but it soon became a nightmare .   the road twisted and turned , and i had no choice but follow the gps .  @after a few weeks , i found the right side of the road .@it was stressful but i finally made it to my destination .
jill 's health class was visiting an acupuncture clinic .  their teacher told them that although it was alternative , it worked .   during the visit , jill got a horrible migraine .  the acupuncturist offered to treat her . @she did n't know what to do .@jill 's headache went away .
my grandpa took my brothers and i fishing in the summer . we went to a small pond close to his house . he set up our fishing poles and we began to fish . it was so boring when nobody caught any fish . @she decided to go to the pet store .@we were disappointed to go home empty handed that day .
some kids were in trouble for throwing rocks . the men at the park chased the kids .  but the kids were faster , and got away .  the adults searched the woods for 20 minutes . @they were able to find the perfect spot .@they ended up giving up .
kathy desired to be a physical therapist since she was in high school .  in college , she took many classes and applied for graduate school .   after a period of waiting , she finally received her acceptance email !  she made her way through schooling and graduated with her degree . @after months of hard work , she finally got her degree .@kathy obtained a job in the physical therapy field .
mom thought the living room furniture looked old and shabby . it was time for some new seating . she bought the perfect set . the new furniture looked and felt great . @he decided to buy a new furniture .@the living room had a brand new appeal .
george was in a bit of a pickle . he had a deadline that was rapidly approaching . he only had a few more pages to go in his book . he sat down at the computer and was struck with inspiration . @he decided to look for a book to read .@george finished his manuscript and celebrated .
alice had a lot of leftover bread . she did n't want to waste it . she decided to mash it all up and make a big batch of bread pudding . it came out looking delicious ! @i decided to try it .@alice waited for it to cool and then ate a serving .
amelia wanted to learn how to sew .  amelia 's best friend knew how to sew , and so amelia asked her how .  her best friend was happy to teach her .  after a bit of practice , amelia made a dress .  @she was very proud of herself .@amelia was very pleased .
albert was looking for the perfect gaming mouse for his pc . he searched a variety of sites and read lots of reviews . he found the perfect site with the best prices on what he wanted . he bought an mmo mouse with a very high dpi . @the mouse was so good he bought a new mouse .@he was satisfied with it .
jill was driving her car . she accidentally passed the building she was looking for . she turned around . she then saw her grandma and offered her a ride . @her grandma was very happy .@her grandma climbed in and they drove home .
 olaf was hiking in the woods when he found another hiker , lost !  the woman had been hiking for hours trying to find her way back . olaf took her back to the base station and fed her . then he helped her make a phone call to her friends . @they had a great time .@the woman thanked him for rescuing her .
doug and patty set up a lemonade stand in front of their house . they were surprised how many customers they had . they sold out before noon .  they made more , selling all that as well .  @they decided to buy a new car .@doug and patty were delighted at their success .
jeanne enjoyed watching crime drama on television . her favorite show was cancelled . she wrote a letter to the head of the network . she encouraged her friends to write letters as well . @the first day of school , she was very nervous .@the letters made no difference .
mark and molly had reservations for a popular restaurant . when they arrived the hostess seated them at their table . they ordered from the menu and waited on their food . when dessert arrived mark asked molly to marry him . @molly said yes .@molly said yes .
i was working at the front desk . i got a call from a strange number . it was a student wondering about his application for college . he had called the wrong number . @he had to call a repairman .@i gave him the right number and hung up .
i went back to my hometown last weekend for a big football game . i met up with a bunch of my friends . we started drinking at 1pm for a 7pm game . by kickoff i was pretty drunk . @i did n't know what to do .@i do n't even remember the game .
jake was going on a road trip to see his family . he got in the car and drove . the car 's tires exploded due to too much air . jake hitchhiked for 30 miles . @he was able to get a new one .@when jake got to his family he was happy his trip was over .
jill was in class nervous . she had a question for the teacher . she was afraid to ask . she finally got the courage to ask the question . @the question was a success .@jill asked her question .
jimmy loved alligators .  when he was little , his grandfather took him to an alligator farm .  the workers let jimmy sit on an alligator . the reptile did n't like this and tried to bite jimmy . @he could n't figure out what was wrong .@jimmy still loves alligators but now respects their wild nature .
larry hated going to the mall . he was stuck there last saturday . it was particularly packed due to sales . he started having a panic attack in the middle of a crowd . @he had to go to the emergency room .@a man helped him recover .
gina was in her room . it was in the basement . she had one small window which let in the light . it looked out on the neighbor 's yard @the neighbor 's yard was empty .@she was jealous that her neighbors had a pool .
there was a home of poor dogs wandering the streets of alaska . they had trouble finding people to feed them .  eventually they ran into a rich , old man who took them in .  he fed them and gave them a great home . @when they were done , he took them home .@the dogs were great comfort and company for the old man .
jack woke up before his alarm at 4:30 am . he was shivering under the blankets . he looked over and saw he had left the window cracked open overnight .  a strong , chill wind was blowing in through the open window .  @a bird jumped out from under the tree .@jack closed the window .
jake lives in flint michigan . one day he went to run himself a bath . he was very upset to see that the water was n't clean . jake called his mayor to complain . @his guide told him to stop .@the mayor told him he had better things to do .
lara started seeing a therapist . she mentioned this to her mom on the phone .  her mom called the therapist , demanding information .  she wanted to know all the bad things her daughter was saying . @she decided to take her daughter to the doctor .@the therapist curtly said she could n't share that information .
janie was outside one day when she heard a high-pitched noise nearby . she looked all around for the source of the noise .  finally , she found a litter of kittens under a bush !  she decided to take care of the kittens . @when she got home , she put them in her car .@janie loved cats .
pam loved to use coupons . she asked all her friends to give her old newspapers . pam would go through each newspaper and cut out the best coupons . she made an effort to include her daughter to teach her to be frugal . @the two of them had a great time .@pam 's daughter became good at bargain hunting .
i like to go to comic conventions .  one year , i went with all of my friends .  we all had matching costumes . we even won the costume contest ! @we had a great time .@we shared the prize equally among all of us .
darla was afraid of spiders .  one day , as she was cleaning her room , she saw one on the wall .  she screamed and jumped away . she yelled for her father to come in and help . @luckily , they were able to help her .@her father came and removed the spider .
leon decides to get out of the house one day . he gets his skateboard to go for a ride . leon tries riding down the biggest hill in his town .  unfortunately , he falls and bumps his knees .  @his father is very upset .@he limped home with his legs bleeding .
last night i had the best pizza . i went to bertucci 's and had a pepperoni pizza . the sauce was delectable and the meat was divine . i ate the entire thing . @when i got home , i realized i forgot my wallet .@i want to go back and get more pizza .
john was working on a science project display for school .  when he finished his project , he placed it by his bedroom window .   after putting the project down , john left the room and watched tv .   while watching tv , john 's dog destroyed his project .  @john 's dog was very upset .@john then failed the project because of his dog .
a little chipmunk made it 's home in ed 's backyard . for weeks he tried to feed it a peanut out of his hand . it got a little closer every day .  finally , the chipmunk took it .  @it was amazing .@eventually ed got the chipmunk to eat out of his hand .
tray wanted candy . he could not reach the bowl . that did not stop him . he got a stool . @he went to the bathroom .@he reached for the bowl and enjoyed the candy .
charlie and some neighborhood kids built a snowman . they decided to jazz it up by adding food coloring to color it . they used up all the food coloring in all of their houses . all of their parents were upset because they stained their clothes . @they decided to go to the mall .@but they had a great time !
amy liked to take a walk on her break at work . this day she decided to walk to the frozen yogurt place . when she arrived they were closed . this was odd for the middle of the day . @she decided to take a break .@amy decided she did n't need the yogurt anyway .
jason decides he wants to get out of his house and see other people . he goes to the local pool hall to play a few games . at the pool hall he meets other guys . he goes home after spending a few hours there . @when he gets home , he realizes he forgot his wallet .@he goes to bed .
a kid walked past an old house in his neighborhood . he looked in the windows to see if anyone was home . there was not any signs of an inhabitant . the kid broke in and explored the house . @the parents had to go to the hospital .@the kid stole some things from the house .
jane wanted to be a veterinarian . she took many subjects in school towards that goal . one course required that she spend forty hours caring for an animal . jane liked lots of animals and could n't decide which to choose . @she decided to go to the zoo .@jane decided to care for a dog .
sue had a sore throat . she did n't know what to do . she took cough drops and that did n't work .  she made hot tea , and that did n't stop the soreness .  @after a few seconds , she felt something painful .@sue made an appointment with the doctor as a last resort .
 when greg was 5 years old , he received his first dog .   it was his favorite kind of dog , and he named it sammy .  sammy was a purebred poodle .  after a few years , greg came very close to sammy .  @one day , greg 's brother came to visit .@greg was happy that sammy was his dog .
i convinced my friend to vote for my favorite candidate . i managed to make them enthusiastic about the process . on election day they never showed up to vote . i forgot to tell them what day it was . @when they were done , i put them in the oven .@i was sad .
there is this amazing gym near my house . it has all the workout equipment i could ever ask for . the best part is that the membership is only ten dollars per month . that 's one of the cheapest i 've ever seen . @i went to the store and bought a new car .@i 'm happy to be a member there and work out often !
jane was hiding the kids for her children to hunt . she put them all over the back yard . she hid an egg under a pile of leaves . jane was excited for the children to hunt . @they were going to the park .@the children laughed as they hunted the eggs .
jane needed a new desk . her previous desk was old and falling apart . she went to a store and tried to find a likeable style . jane did not like any of the desks at the store . @jane decided to go to the store .@jane just went home .
kate was on a field trip to the park . she loved the monkey bars the most . there was a line to use them when she got there .  when it was her turn , she hopped up gleefully .  @she was so scared that she would n't be seen .@she had fun climbing .
mike went with his friends to party in tijuana . they all drank too much and slept way too little .  returning from the trip , mike could n't find his license .   as they approached the border , he was extremely nervous .  @when he got home , he realized he 'd forgotten his wallet !@one of mike 's friends realized he had the license in wallet .
today was my 21st birthday .  since i 'm able to drink , my friend took me to a bar .   she order her favorite drink , specifically for me .   after taking a sip of the drink , i was disgusted .  @i had to go to the bathroom .@i found the drink to be bitter-tasting .
chuck joints creaked as he stood up from the computer . it was a short walk to the side table where he had left his phone . he was going to make one quick phone call before returning to work . the dogs met him at the door with earnest faces . @the dogs were amazed at how good they were .@chuck knew he needed a walk so he talk his dogs out .
ray wanted to get into a good college . he had to write an essay . he tried very hard . he put in a lot of effort . @the next day , he was able to finish his project .@ray hoped he would be admitted .
i was sick of being unemployed . i decided it was time to get a job . i scoured listings on the internet and sent out resumes .  finally , a company asked me to come in for an interview .  @i went to the interview and got the job .@now i am happy and i have a great new job .
joe turned on his computer and noticed a problem . there were programs he did not install and he could not delete them . joe went to the store and purchased and antivirus program . joe ran the program on his computer for hours . @he was able to get a good grade .@joe 's computer began working well once the program was complete .
jon wanted to become a professional plumber .  so , he applied to a trade school .  he waited months for his decision .  fortunately , he was accepted .  @he had a great time .@being accepted made joe very happy .
sarah was watching television . a commercial came on for the new xbox . sarah immediately drove to her local electronics store . she bought a new xbox with a headset and extra controller . @she played with it all the time .@sarah brought it home and used it .
shelly wanted a pet . but her mom was allergic to cats . and their apartment was too small for a dog ! then shelly thought of a solution . @she decided to take a break .@she got a parrot and named it bear .
rob was in charge of all the people at work . rob though everybody liked him . one day rob heard his employees saying mean things about him . rob 's feelings were hurt . @one day , rob decided to rob another girl .@rob fired the employees .
jacob 's class went on a field trip to a pumpkin patch . chaos ensued as the children ran to grab pumpkins .  unlike the others , a still and observant jacob scanned the field .   suddenly , he spotted a large , green gourd peeking out near the fence !  @he chased the man , but it began to rain .@jacob chose this special pumpkin for himself .
kay loved ice cream . she visited cold stone and discovered they had cinnamon ice cream . she ate cinnamon ice cream every week for 3 months . one day she returned and was told the ice cream was no longer sold . @she went to the store and bought a new ice cream cone .@kay was crushed !
megan ate the last piece of cake from the fridge at her work . the next day her coworker asked her if she ate their cake . megan lied saying that she was n't the one .  however , another coworker saw her eat it .  @she decided to give it a try .@megan 's coworker was angry that she lied about eating her cake .
tina had a little glass doll she kept in her pocket . one day tina was playing hide and seek .  as she was running , tina tripped and fell .  when she looked in her pocket she saw that her doll was broken . @she looked all over for it .@tina cried .
cora was nervous . she was at her first haircut appointment ever . she wondered how she would look with short hair . then she saw herself in the mirror and gasped . @she realized that she 'd forgotten to remove her nail !@it was terrible .
peppa 's grandpa visited her and her brother george at their house . peppa 's grandpa had a green thumb and he planted few seeds in garden . he left and came back after a week to find beautiful flowers had grown . peppa 's grandpa took some flowers to grandma as a surprise @they had a great time .@she love the flowers .
gina washed her dad 's car . he was n't satisfied with the job she did . she washed all the missed spots and double checked the car . she had him inspect the car again . @she had to go to the hospital .@her dad smiled because gina had done a meticulous job this time .
randy wanted to get a dog so bad . randy 's mom was allergic to dogs . randy asked if he could move in with his dad . his dad said yes . @he went to the pet store .@randy was able to get a dog with his dad .
johnny rode his bike to the hobby store . he parked his bike out front . when he came out his bike was gone . johnny looked all over . @he found a box that he really liked .@johnny found out his friend took the bike .
mike really loves pets . unfortunately his apartment building does n't allow pets . he tried to persuade building management but they did n't agree . mike decided to volunteer at his local humane society . @he decided to adopt a puppy .@mike enjoyed the chance to help pets find a home .
tom was hiking one day . he always traveled on the path .  soon , the path split into two .  he did n't know where to go . @he went to the bathroom .@he took the right path and discovered a small waterfall .
the nurse admitted me into the intensive care unit .  when i woke up , there were no lights around .  the time was 3:20 in the afternoon . i tried to look outside of the room window . @there was a loud noise .@but i had too many lines attached to me .
taj loved to eat mcdonalds . he wrote mcdonald 's an email appreciating them for their service . a mcdonald 's representative was able to reply the next day . taj got $ 50 worth of mcdonalds coupons in the mail ! @he was so pleased with his purchase .@he invited some friends to have lunch with him at mcdonalds .
the light did n't come on when jerry flipped the switch in his room . he had to go to the store to buy lightbulbs the next day . he carefully removed the old bulb . the new one was then screwed into place . @it was a huge mess .@jerry discovered it was the switch that was broken .
micky wanted a job . he began to look in the classifieds in the local paper . he went on several interviews . micky was finally called by one of the companies he applied at . @the representative told him that he needed to get rejected .@micky was offered the job the next day .
abby loved candy . she was given her allowance for the week . she decided to spend it all at the candy store . she started to notice a numb ache in her tooth . @she had to go to the emergency dentist .@suddenly abby understood why her dentist warned against sugar .
del hurried home from work . he was very worried and anxious . his wife had said she had important news for him .  but when he got home , he saw his wife was smiling .  @he asked her what was wrong .@he was overjoyed when his wife told him that she was pregnant .
i was at work yesterday when my boss came over . he said that we were behind schedule . he asked if i could help out a bit . i would get paid overtime . @however , i did n't have any money .@i was happy to get paid overtime .
we went to a petting zoo together . my friend bought food to feed the animals .  she tried to feed a carrot to a cow , but it bit her .  she did n't even know cows would bite humans . @then one day she spotted a squirrel .@my friend had a less than fabulous time there .
neil wanted to see ancient temples and ruins . he decided asia was a great place to start . he flew to cambodia and went sightseeing . he saw so many old temples in the jungles there . @he decided to visit the local zoo .@neil was happy he made the trip .
neil loved visiting london ! he thought it was charming and friendly . but he wanted a better view . so he bought a ticket on the huge london eye ferris wheel . @at the end of the trip he had a great time .@neil had a wonderful view of the city .
sam hated surprise parties . he found out about one by his wife . she had put in a lot of effort . all of his friends showed up . @they had a lot of fun .@sam stayed at the bar rather than go home and be surprised .
joe went fishing . he sat by the river a long time . suddenly his pole went down . joe jumped to his feet . @he fell on the ground .@he grabbed the pole and pulled out a huge flounder .
tori stole a candy cane from her christmas tree . her mother had told her not to . she thought she had gotten away with it .  however , her mother noticed and punished her .  @she took the baby to the hospital .@tori was grounded .
it was paula 's first day of kindergarten . she was excited to be one of the big kids .  when it came time to leave her mother at the door , she cried .  eventually paula left her mother and took a seat in class . @when she got home , she realized she forgot her homework .@paula eventually became accustomed to being away from her mother .
ivan was heading to the beach for a day of picnicking . then he remembered he 'd forgotten to put ice in the cooler ! he stopped off at a small general store .  there , he bought a few big bags of ice and put them in the coolers .  @when he got home , he realized he forgot his sunglasses !@the ice kept his drinks cold the whole day .
ky was doing her hair . her pigtails were always lopsided ! she just could n't get them straight . finally she gave up and went to school with lopsided pigtails . @the next day , she had to go to the emergency room .@everyone at school loved ky 's hair .
i just became a certified personal trainer ! i have been working at this for years . my wife took me out to dinner to celebrate . i told her at dinner all the plans i have to bring on clients . @she told me that she 's going to be late for work .@we spoke and ate for two hours .
yesterday i felt very sick . i had to take the day off . thankfully i was able to relax . i took some soup and rested . @the next day i went to bed .@i took a long nap and am feeling better .
bob was listening to his favorite album on his new stereo system . the sound quality of his new system was great . you could hear the sound clearly from every room in his house .  all of a sudden , his cat scratched one of his speakers .  @he had to go to the hospital .@bob 's stereo system was ruined .
rob loved to play soccer and was on his middle school team . they had just started their season and were playing their first game . rob accidentally tripped over another player during the game .  the other player was mad , but rob apologized and kept his composure .  @rob lost his job and had to go to the hospital .@rob ended up playing the best game of his life !
pam left her son with a new babysitter . she told her that her son was allergic to peanut butter . but the babysitter gave him peanut butter oatmeal . the babysitter had to call the hospital . @the babysitter was very upset .@pam was furious with the babysitter .
lindy always wanted a great love in her life . every day she went to the university where she studied with a rose . her plan was to give the rose to a man who would be her great love . lindy did n't know how to talk to a man she thought looking at the rose . @she decided she would ask him to marry her .@lindy decided to talk to men just like they were people .
barbara was excited to get her ears pierced . barbara 's mother took her to the jewelry store at the mall . barbara picked out her earrings . the worker pierced her ears with a piercing gun . @she was able to get her ears pierced .@barbara loved the earrings and loved wearing them .
james was participating in a talent show at school . james was going to sing but was very nervous and nauseous . he finally stepped up on stage and prepared to sing .  however , as soon as he began to sing , he threw up all over himself !  @he was so happy that he had to go to the emergency room .@james was so embarrassed that he ran off the stage .
sam had been living on the street for years . he survived by begging for money . one day a stranger gave sam a lottery ticket instead of cash . sam won a million dollars ! @he decided to go to las vegas .@sam bought himself a nice house and was very grateful .
i was clothes shopping the other day . everything i found was made in china . some stuff was made in vietnam . i could n't find anything from america . @i decided to go to walmart .@i decided not to buy any clothes .
i was teaching my son to throw a football . he could n't grasp the ball in one hand . he used both hands to throw it to me like a basketball . then he lobbed it to me underhanded . @now i 'm happy to see him .@i hope he gets better at it .
sandy recently lost her job .  as a consequence , sandy could not pay her mortgage .   after several months , sandy 's got some bad news .  sandy was told her house was being foreclosed on . @sandy was able to successfully quit smoking .@sandy lost her home .
my girlfriend and i took a train to new york city . we were going to have dinner and enjoy a night in the city . i took her out for a nice meal and after we went shopping . we both had a great time ! @we had a great time .@we love spending time together .
kari 's sweater ripped . she needed to buy a new one . she decided to go to the mall . she bought a sweater from armani . @it was a sweater .@kari wore her new sweater to school the next day .
thomas lost his job three weeks ago . he had no idea how he was going to pay his rent . his friend told him about a website that paid five dollars per blog . thomas did n't think he could raise five hundred dollars there . @he decided to buy a lottery ticket .@but he tried anyway .
last week sally came home and found a package in front of her door . she was curious about what might be in the package . she quickly opened the package and could n't believe her eyes . inside the package was a gift from her best friend . @it was her birthday gift .@it was a frilly dress with glitter and sparkly fabric !
rico was working really hard on his essay for english .  after working on it all night , he decided to take a short nap .  he slept in and was late for for school . when he got to school he noticed that his essay was gone . @but he could n't find it .@rico 's teacher let him turn in the essay the next day .
juanita realizes that she needs warmer clothing to get through winter . she looks for a jacket but at first everything she finds is expensive . finally she finds a jacket she can afford . she buys the jacket and feels much better . @she is happy that she finally has a new jacket .@she is happy .
my buddy wanted to become the safety officer at school . he had to go through a bunch of training just to take the test . he loved the training and passed the test . he got the job . @he did n't know what to do .@he did very well in the job and they really liked him there .
sally went to the store to buy a beach chair .  upon exit , she places her wallet on the car 's trunk .   after placing the chair on the back seat , she drives away .   at the beach entrance , she reaches for her wallet to pay to the fee .  @when she arrives , her wallet is gone .@sally was sad she had lost her wallet .
vera was driving home from work one day . she was tired and not paying attention . she blew through a stop sign and struck an oncoming car . vera 's car was totaled and the other driver was hurt . @she took the car to the mechanic to get it fixed .@vera was much more careful when driving .
amy was 14 year 's old . she was starting to feel like an adult .  she explained this to her friend lynn , as lynn sat on a swing .  lynn did n't care . @she did n't want to go back .@lynn continued to swing .
donna quit her job today . she realized that her husband makes enough for both of them . she asked her husband if he was okay with her decision . he was and supported her with whatever she decides to do . @she is very happy with her choice .@they had a great marriage .
we bought a new house .  it was perfect , and everything i ever wanted .  there was a white fence and a large wrap around porch . our kids will have so many great memories in this house . @we will go back to the beach .@we were so happy .
mona was in a car accident that broke both of her legs . she was in the hospital and rehab for a month .  as soon as she got out , she wanted to go to the movies .  she went to the nearest movie theater and bought the ticket . @when she got there , she realized she forgot the tickets .@mona went inside to see the movie .
it was valentine 's day and i was excited to see flowers at my door . i rushed inside to open the box .  the bouquet was small and mostly dead , not what my husband ordered .  i was very upset and started to cry . @i called the police .@my husband went out and bought a better bouquet .
sloan has a lot of girlfriends .  one day , he decides that he wants to settle down .  he gets serious about dating and chooses one girlfriend . he decides she 's the one and proposes . @he is happy that she finally has a pet .@she told him she did not want to marry him .
bay wanted to play football . he practiced every day after school . then he tried his best on tryout day . he was so excited when the team posted the results . @his team won the championship championship .@bay made it on the football team .
josh was invited to go sailing . he met his friends at the marina .  instead of a huge yacht , they showed him a tiny boat .  the four of them crowded into the boat with little room . @they had a lot of fun .@josh was upset to be in a little boat .
tonya owned a small toad . tanya would always bring her toad with her to a swamp . she would sit with her toad by the side of a pond . one day a fish came and ate her toad ! @she was thrilled to see that the fish had died .@tonya was heart broken .
david 's father had painstakingly assembled a collection of rare coins .  one day , he found some of his prized coins missing .  he questioned davis about their absence . david had taken them for lunch money ! @but he had no money left .@david was grounded by his father .
mom took me grocery shopping with her today . we went through all the aisles . i got help mom put items in the cart . she even let me get a special treat . @one day i decided to take her out to dinner .@i was happy with mom .
kelly was excited to try the new starbucks flavor . the flavor was red velvet cake . when she ordered it she took a sip . it was delicious . @it was delicious .@it became her new favorite .
june was excited to share gardening with her son .  she showed the boy how to pluck weeds , root and all .   june and her son worked on separate rows , weeding steadily .   when they finished , the boy showed june his pile of weeds .  @after a few minutes , the boy noticed the boy was crying .@june told him that he had done a great job .
jane had never gone camping before .  one day , jane 's friends invited her to go camping with them .  jane and her friends went deep into the woods to find a camp ground .  when they finally arrived , it was too dark to see anything .  @when they got home , they realized they had forgotten their lines .@ they used flashlights to build a fire , which was nice . 
chuck stepped the cabin cruiser and onto the dock . the boat was new as was his knot tying skills . he quickly tied off the boat . the line was long for the restaurant but he eventually got a table . @when he got home , he realized he had forgotten his wallet !@chuck then ordered food and was happy with the service .
ed pass a car as he drove to the bank . he tried slowing down after passing but failed . his brakes did no work . ed looked around for something to slow him down . @he looked at the bottom of his house .@ed coasted to the side of the road until he stopped .
liz was watching her 4 and 6 year old nieces . she put them in her room to take a nap . they were very quiet so she thought they were asleep . when she checked on them an hour later they were not asleep . @when she woke up she realized she had forgotten her wallet !@liz told them to go back to bed .
today is hope 's birthday . she jumps out of bed excited . she rushed to the bathroom to take a shower .  after her shower , she gets ready .  @when she gets home , she feels much better .@hope is having breakfast with her family .
dave loved to dive . dave walked onto the board . he prepared to do a front-flip . dave made a mistake and slammed face down into the water ! @dave screamed and ran to the shore .@the front of his body hurt from the impact .
lady loved tacos . especially from taco trucks . one day she ordered a taco from a truck .  with excitement , she took a bite .  @it was delicious !@she spat it out because she had been served a spoiled fish taco .
 mary was excited , today was her twentieth birthday .   when she woke up , she found a big wrapped box in the kitchen .  she opened the box and found a brain new pair of ice skates . under the ice skates were two tickets to the ring tonight with kim . @kim was so excited she could n't wait to go back .@mary was very happy .
jimmy wandered around the city looking for a place for a soda .  before he knew it , he was in an unfamiliar area .  he was scared of strangers and did n't want to ask anyone . soon a policeman came by and asked if he was lost . @the cop said that he did n't have a gun .@he told him that he was lost .
 kimberly and her family went on a vacation to duck , north carolina .  they rented a beach house so that they could all stay in one spot . they relaxed on the beach almost every single day . the highlight of the trip was seeing a lighthouse . @when they got there , they had a great time .@the whole family enjoyed the experience .
at the time it seemed like a good idea . the bus driver parked and went into a bathroom at a gas station . andre jumped in the driver 's seat and drove off . he drove to three stops and picked up passengers . @when he arrived , he was greeted by a cop .@but then the cops stopped him .
tom and sally wanted to have kids . they tried several times without any success . it turned out that sally had medical issues she needed addressed . once she got that taken care of they tried again . @the next day , she found out that her dog had died .@tom and sally finally got to have kids .
my class went to a butterfly village for their field trip . they had the opportunity to go throughout the place . several butterflies were attached on to us . everyone also had the opportunity to seek knowledge . @one of the professors told me that it was an accident .@the butterfly village was very educational .
denise had been trying to save her money for a long time . she had been selling lemonade . she would take her money and put it in a pink piggy bank . the day came when it was so full she could n't fit any more in it . @she went to the store to buy a new one .@she bought a second piggy bank so she could keep saving money .
kelly had to raise money for her cheerleading uniform . she decided to hold a bake sale . she made tons of cakes and brownies . then she set up shop outside her house . @when she got home , she realized she had no money .@she sold reasonably well and bought her uniform .
michael was a dog lover . one day he went to his friends house . his friend owned a dog was a bit sick . michael took him to the vet . @the vet told him he needed to get better .@he gave the dog some medicine and then it was fine .
sara really wanted a new dress for prom . however she could not afford one . she decided to make her own . she gathered the materials and set to work . @when she got home , she realized she forgot her work .@sara had no skills and the dress was a mess .
mr washington stalked tracy 's best friend mckevin . mr washington did it to find out more about tracy . mckevin told tracy about mr washington 's stalking . tracy and mckevin set a trap for mr washington . @they sent the trap to the police .@mr washington fell into the trap .
jen wanted all of her family to be together for christmas . she planned a fun party and invited everyone .  all of her friends showed up , but not her family .  jen was very sad . @she decided to get a better job .@jen decided to make the best of what she had .
amelia took her little sister to the park .  she told her sister to play , and took out her iphone .   when she looked up , she realized her sister was gone !   she raced through the park , screaming her sister 's name .  @one day , a girl came up to her .@she found her sister nearby .
ana was crafting a blouse . she wanted to adorn it with beads . she went to the craft store . she bought fancy beads and brought them home . @then , she put them in the oven .@she made a beautiful blouse .
kori liked to dress up for comic conventions . she decided to dress up as her favorite character for an upcoming one . she worked very hard for months on her costume . she entered the cosplay contest at the convention . @she won the contest !@she was very happy when she won first place .
maureen has just moved into a new apartment and still has no mirror . she drives to the store to look for a good mirror she can use .  finally maureen finds a beautiful , full length mirror .  her friend helps her get the heavy mirror into her apartment . @when she is done , she is very happy .@she places the mirror in her bathroom .
there was a mysterious sound from bob 's basement . he took went to the steps and flicked the light . the bulb flickered on and then off quickly . bob gave up on the light and went down to investigate . @when he opened the door , the light was gone .@it was very dark and spooky .
 after i arrived at the hospital , i got a bracelet .  it had my personal information on it . my forehead was itching and i reached out for it . the bottom of the bracelet scratched my face . @i looked everywhere for it .@i called for the nurse .
the principal came out of his office and left the main office . gina was surprised since she had been waiting 20 minutes . she thought for sure it was finally her turn . but he did n't acknowledge she was there at all . @he did n't want to ask her out .@gina felt frustrated .
millie 's best friend nicky was about to become a great-grandma . nicky asked millie to crochet a blanket for the new baby . millie made a beautiful blue and gray blanket with a little hat too . nicky gave it to her granddaughter today at the baby shower . @the baby was born .@nicky 's granddaughter smiled and drooled on it happily .
i went grocery shopping the other day . i had a long list of items . i picked up every item on the list but one . there were no carrots in the whole store . @she decided to sell them .@i bought carrots at a different store .
every monday ruth went to lunch with iris . they always sat in the same booth and had the same waitress . today they had a different waitress . she did n't know what the ladies wanted . @she decided to go to the mall .@ruth and iris told her what they wanted .
kate had math homework that she needed to do . she sat at the table and tried to focus . she avoided distraction by turning off her phone . kate worked for two hours . @she was finally able to get the job .@kate was glad that she could remain concentrated .
sandy went to the beach with her aunt theresa . she was so excited to play in the water she forgot the sunblock . sandy had so much fun playing in the sand and water .  however , when the day ended she was sore and red .  @she was very sad .@she realized she should have remembered sunblock .
sally had a test . she was determined to make an a . sally studied for a week straight .  when she got to test day , she went blank .  @she ended up getting a b on the test .@sally was terribly disappointed with her grade on the test .
steven avery committed murder . burned human remains were found on his property . steven was the last person to see the female murder victim alive .  he was arrested , charged , tried , and convicted of murder .  @one day , he was arrested and sentenced to prison .@steven avery spent the rest of his life in prison .
an ambulance rushed to ollie 's house after he called 911 . the medics arrived and placed him on the stretcher . they wheeled him to the ambulance . he was placed inside and rushed to the hospital . @the doctor told him he had the flu .@ollie survived a heart attack .
one day alice decided to climb the tallest tree in her yard .  she got to the top , but was too scared to climb back down !  alice 's dad had to get the ladder to climb up to get her .  they made it safely to the ground , but alice learned a big lesson .  @at the end of the day , alice was able to fall asleep .@alice decided to not climb the big trees anymore .
i was stuck in traffic and very hungry .  i knew i would n't make it home in time , and needed food .   i decided to get fast food , but did n't know where from .   i finally decided on subway , and parked my car .  @i drove to the nearest park .@i ate my sandwich in four bites .
tim was in class writing story .  all of a sudden , he ran out of paper .  there was none in his backpack . he started crying . @his mom told him to stop .@ the teacher dried his tears , and gave him more paper . 
lenny wanted to learn to practice hypnosis . he did a lot of research about how to do it well . he found out that hypnosis does n't work like he thought . he found that hypnosis is more of a parlor trick than a power . @he went to the store and bought a pair of jeans .@lenny found a different interest .
abby skated on her rollerblades down the driveway . her father was pulling in and did n't see her . he accidentally hit her as she skated down . abby 's arm was broken . @abby had to go to the hospital .@her dad took abby to the emergency room right away .
cindy felt like eating french toast for breakfast . she could n't wait to cook it .  after she finished , she happily started eating .  but she began to feel sick and tired . @she decided to go to the doctor .@cindy went to her bedroom and laid down .
neil had just arrived in morocco . he loved the exotic feel of it . the language was beautiful .  and the people were so friendly , too !  @neil was so happy with his choice !@neil wished he could stay .
mable loved animals . one day mabel went for a walk . mable saw a baby coon . she took it home with her . @when she was done , she put it in her purse .@mable was excited to have a new pet .
ness wanted a bird as a pet . she went to the pet store . the owner suggested she get two parakeets to keep her company . ness bought the two pretty birds and took them home . @when she was done , she went home .@she taught the birds to speak .
ken 's football team was losing the game . the game was almost over and they needed seven points to win . then ken threw a touchdown and scored ! the fans and the team cheered him loudly . @the team won the game .@ken 's team was very happy to win the game .
my mom would be the only one who would wave to the easter bunny . there would often be someone on the street corner dressed up . my mom would take the moment wave and honk her horn . no one else paid that much attention . @one day , a friend told him that he was sick .@my mother was exceptionally friendly .
matt 's children 's room was now too small for all three children . matt could n't afford to move to another house . matt talked with his wife about their options . they both agreed it best to switch the children into the master suite . @when the children were done , they had a great time .@matt would move the children into the master suite .
mia opened a cafe when she was thirty .  after five years , the cafe got really successful .  one day a celebrity visited her cafe . the celebrity was so impressed that they tweeted about it . @they were able to see the concert .@her cafe became even more popular .
i came home from the doctor this morning . i saw my friend joe waiting in the lobby .  he is 98 , needs a walker , and was trying to vote .  my friend bert graciously offered to take him . @he was able to fix it .@joe was very grateful for the help .
lou needed some money for a video game . he put fliers in his neighbor 's mailboxes offering to mow their lawns . he had six jobs lined up in just a few hours . he did so well he kept his business going . @one day he got a call from his boss .@lou now has the entire neighborhood as his customers .
lindsey was feeling especially antsy at school . she did not want to go to lacrosse practice after school .  she tried to fake a sickness , but nobody believed her .  lindsey ended up skipping practice without an excuse . @when she got home , she realized she did n't need to run .@she hoped she would n't get in trouble .
janet was excited to get some pancakes . her favorite fast food joint served them all day . she went there after work . when she got there they told her they were out . @kelly was disappointed .@janet had a huge look of disappointment on her face .
the first time i went on a boat was with a family vacation . we were all excited because it was my first time . unfortunately i fell over the side railing and almost drowned . my cousin jumped in to save me and dragged me out . @i had to go to the hospital .@i 've been afraid of the water ever since .
it was the third time jenna lost her keys this week . she had a bowl to put them in but always forgot . she looked everywhere . eventually she gave up and used the spare set . @when she got home , she realized she forgot her sunglasses .@jenna lost her spare keys two days later .
i was trying to learn how to juggle . i went to a club every day to learn this art . it was very difficult . i eventually was able to get one rep in . @i was very happy with it .@i practice all the time now .
kyle was working as a lifeguard at the local pool .  one day , a little boy started thrashing around in the deep side .  kyle realized the boy was drowning . he jumped into the pool and grabbed the boy . @the boy screamed and ran away .@kyle saved the boy and the boy was thankful .
my sister had an emergency . she needed a babysitter right away . i told her i would watch my nephew . we had a lot of fun reading books all afternoon . @we had a lot of fun .@my sister was very grateful and took us both out for ice cream .
my first vehicle was a john deer tractor . i learned to drive it when i was ten year 's old . my favorite thing to do on the farm was drive through the fields . it made me feel powerful driving large machines . @i had a lot of fun .@i enjoyed riding the tractor for this reason .
zach was sick of his small apartment . he decided to get a larger apartment . then he realized he needed help moving .  luckily , zach 's girlfriend was able to help him move .  @now zach has a new girlfriend .@zach moved into a larger apartment .
abe failed at his current project of creating allure . he was really bummed but decided to take action . abe spent years in studying cosmetics and marketing . he then gave creating allure another go . @he was so proud of himself !@he was successful this time and made a lot of money .
jane woke up and decided to exercise . jane woke up jill . jill suggested to jane that they should run . both of the girls went outside for a run . @when they got to the park , they saw a bear .@ two miles half later , they returned , exhausted and happy . 
jenny 's mom took her to the orchard . it was the first time she 'd seen apples on trees ! her mom hoisted her on her shoulder so jenny could reach . jenny grabbed a bright red apple from a tree . @she picked it up and took it home .@jenny took a bite .
sora was failing her math class . she asked her teacher if she could do anything to help herself . the teacher offered her an extra credit report . sora put a lot of effort into her report . @she had to go to the library .@she got a good grade on the report and raised her math grade .
ina was making lunch for her family . she cooked lots of food . then she asked them all to the table . they sat and ate together . @when they were done , they went home .@ina 's family was full and satisfied .
susie and mitch were attending a play at their university . it was a performance of romeo and juliet . mitch fell asleep halfway through the performance . susie had to slap him in order to wake him up . @she did n't know what to do .@mitch fought his sleep to watch the rest of the play with susie .
in 2002 the boston lyric opera performed carmen . this time they did it for free on the boston common . i attended the performance on a hot summer day . i was near the stage and enjoyed listening to the opera . @suddenly , i heard a loud voice .@i hope they stage more operas on the common in the future .
sam wanted to lose some weight . he decided to run everyday after dinner . he eventually built up his endurance . sam felt great after exercising consistently . @sam is now a successful member .@he added weights to his training routine .
kenny was an electrical engineer . he loved working with circuits and wiring panels . one day he accidentally electrocuted himself badly . he was injured and scared . @he had to go to the hospital .@kenny thought maybe he should seek another profession .
gina had gotten her allowance . she went to the store and bought a tube of cookie dough . she had been waiting a whole week to try it . she walked home anxious to make cookies . @when she got home , she noticed that the cookies were missing .@gina baked cookies as soon as she got home .
susie needed to upgrade her old smartphone . she went to sprint to look at the different models . a worker there was really helpful and told her a lot about each phone . susie soaked in the information that she was told . @she did n't know what to do .@susie ended up buying the latest model of smartphone .
scott paddled his canoe across the big lake . the canoe was suddenly tipped over by a large wave . scott struggled to turn his canoe right side up again .  with great effort , scott was able to right his canoe and climb aboard .  @after a few weeks , scott was able to catch the canoe .@scott continued to paddle his canoe across the big lake .
tory loved thanksgiving . she decided to make the turkey for her family 's holiday feast .  it was a lot of work , but finally the turkey was finished .   when she took it to dinner , everyone loved it .  @it was delicious .@tory was glad that she had decided to cook for her family .
brenda was at summer camp . she was lying in bed and trying to go to sleep .  suddenly , she heard a spooky noise .  the noise terrified her and kept up all night . @finally , she decided to go back to sleep .@ in the morning , brenda discovered mice had eaten her snacks . 
sam was an exceptional ice skater .  one day , sam decided to try hockey .  he and his friend practiced together every chance they could . they went to tryouts and did their best . @at the end of the game , they were very competitive .@sam and his friend scored a goal .
karen 's friend called her to see if she wanted to hang out . karen agreed and they met at a coffee shop . they talked for a couple hours before going to a spa .  afterwards , they had dinner together and watched a movie .  @when the movie was over , they went home .@it was the best time karen had had in months .
sara and her cousins went to play paintball . sara donned the vest and gun . then she stalked her cousins . she was n't sure how well she 'd do . @she went to the doctor .@sara then shot her cousins in the back .
lee lost his first baby tooth . he was so happy ! he placed it under his pillow . in the morning he checked . @there was an earthquake on the ground .@the tooth fairy left him several dollars .
sharon liked volunteering at the animal shelter . she spent many hours working with rescued dogs and cats .  although she was n't paid , she felt rewarded by her work .  the owner of the shelter was very grateful for sharon 's help . @the owner of the shelter was very cute and friendly .@sharon eventually landed a paying job .
lisa makes celebration cakes for a living . she was asked to make a grand five tier wedding cake . she is very excited and a bit nervous about this . she outdoes herself and makes the most beautiful wedding cake ever . @she is very happy with her wedding gift .@ afterward , lisa was swamped for cake orders for weddings . 
kev and kate were fighting badly . they decided they needed help . they went to see a therapist . the therapist was helpful and friendly . @after a few months , she was able to get better grades .@the couple liked her very much .
gloria was excited about her night out . every week she looks forward to getting together with friends . they all go out to dinner and then to the bingo hall . she does n't win often but when she does she celebrates . @one day she decided to try out for the team .@gloria won that night and screamed with joy .
ruth was generally a nice person . but she had a deep love for expensive things .  at a dinner party with her best friend , she admired the silverware .   she loved her friend , but loved silver even more .  @one day , she decided to try and try again .@she also asked if she can have it .
cal got an ice cream making machine for his birthday . he was so excited to try it out ! he added all the ingredients . then he turned the crank and watched eagerly . @neil wished he had made a mistake !@a big bowl of chocolate ice cream was soon ready .
jill and her band had a concert coming up . they were a new band and needed practice . they spent the coming weeks practicing very hard .  when the concert arrived , they were well rehearsed .  @at the end of the concert , they had a great time .@jill did very well in the show .
bob 's family packed their bags for their trip to florida . they drove to the airport and got on the plane .  the plane landed , and they went to their hotel .   at the hotel , they ordered room service and went to bed .  @the next morning , they went to bed .@they slept well and woke up well rested .
 marie had to get a flu shot , but she was afraid of needles .   she waited in line for her shot , anxious the whole time .   when she sat down in the chair , she thought she would faint .   then , the nurse told her she was done .  @she had to go to the hospital .@marie felt good and was not anxious anymore .
i just started doing ebay for my sister in law . she lost her husband a few months ago . she wanted to sell things on ebay in order to keep busy . i listed twelve items for her and made $ 120.00 @she accepted the offer .@ she was grateful , so she bought me lunch . 
kristen found a new hobby . the hobby was couponing . she spent countless hours yesterday clipping coupons . the hard work paid off because kristen saved hundreds today . @she was so happy that she had a great time .@kristen was very happy .
lana was overweight and out of shape for most of her life .  as a young adult , she finally got tired of being overweight .  she began regularly exercising and eating healthier .  by the end of the year , she finally felt ready to hike a mountain .  @she packed up all her things and went to the mountain .@she was in such great shape that she finished a long marathon .
frank thought he was the best at football in the neighborhood . he challenged his friends at the park . robert ended up outperforming frank the whole game .  frank , being a good person , took it in stride .  @the next day , frank 's flight was delayed .@frank got better with time .
jim went out to eat . he ordered the stake . he ate it up with a smile .  however , he could not pay the sixty dollar bill .  @he decided to give it a shot .@he spent the rest of the evening washing the restaurant 's dishes .
bill was eating dinner with his family . he sudden felt ill after eating his mom 's spaghetti . he asked to be excused . bill quickly ran to the bathroom and puked . @he saw that there was a hole in the water .@it turned out that bill had a stomach virus .
 as soon as the light turned green , the cars accelerated .  jimmy took the lead until the third lap . brian caught up and was ahead by a few feet . the lead became bigger since brian 's far was faster . @he ended up winning the contest .@brian was an expert race car driver .
mitch had really bad acne . he ordered acne wash from amazon . he washed his face with the acne wash every morning . his face cleared up within a few weeks . @then he had a great idea .@mitch was very happy with the results .
tommy was only 9 years old and always getting in trouble . one day he told his friend tim that he was going to run away . he went home and packed his clothes . he decided to leave that night . @the next morning , he woke up .@he then decided to not run away from home .
jack helped his dad carve a pumpkin . he drew the design he wanted . his dad guided his hands in using the knife . he carved out the design . @he put it in his pocket .@jack saved the pumpkin seeds to toast later .
my husband loves tv . he watches it too much . watching tv can cause bad eyesight . my husband had problems with his eyes . @i had to take him to the doctor .@he should stop watching so much tv .
jan was having a birthday trip in hawaii . she was super excited to have some fun . her best friend kristin was disappointed she was not invited . kristen tried asking jan if she could be invited . @when jan got to the party , she was shocked .@jan told kristen she did not want her to come on the trip .
joey wanted to learn how to make pasta like his mom . he went to visit her . he asked her to teach him to make lasagna . she showed him all the steps and gave him the recipe . @it was the best cake he ever tasted .@joey made lasagna .
alice adopted a pit bull puppy earlier this year . she was worried that people would judge him because of his breed . she took him to puppy classes and trained him properly . alice loved him and used a lot of positive reinforcement . @she decided to take a trip to the park .@alice believes pit bulls can make good pets .
i used to see an old man walk down the street every day .  one day , to my surprise , he was n't there !  i asked everyone what had happened to him .  nobody knew , i thought that he had died !  @after that , i decided to take him to the doctor .@one day the man was out walking again !
tom is in class . it just started and he 's already bored . he ca n't pay any attention in class . he dozed off . @when he woke up the next morning , he woke up .@tom might fail the class .
nina loved drawing from an early age . she practiced and practiced and got really good . nina went to art school but needed some cash . nina began to sell her art on deviantart . @she went to the store and bought all of the supplies .@nina became a professional artist .
destini and allison love music . every week the two women have coffee and talk about the latest music . this week allison got sick and could not make it .  destini was sad but understood , and instead came to allison 's house .  @the next day , she found out that her house was broken .@allison told her to come back when she was n't sick .
lexi wanted a pie for her birthday instead of a cake . and she told everyone two week before .  but when it was lexi 's birthday , she did n't get a pie .  lexi was disappointed . @but then she realized she had forgotten her homework !@lexi was so upset that she cried .
anne fell while ice skating . she twisted her ankle beneath her . her mom rushed her to the emergency room .  there , they wrapped anne 's ankle in a soft cast .  @she was very sad .@anne recovered just fine .
my sister in law had some items she wanted to sell on ebay .  she is not very savvy at this , so she asked me to sell for her .  i listed a pocket watch and some cufflinks . they sold for $ 140 . @they decided to go to the store .@my sister was happy with the money i obtained for her .
aaron was a shepherd with three dogs . one of his dogs was old but still energetic . one night wolves started killing his sheep . the old dog fought the wolves and chased them off . @a few minutes later , the fire went off .@aaron loved his old dog .
everyone in class was talking to each other . there was a sound that signaled an announcement . the principal warned the school about an upcoming hurricane . the teacher told the class to rest on their knees . @she had to go to the principal 's office .@everyone in class got down on their knees .
lewis went skating with his friends . they had so much fun . no one wanted to go home . they order pizza and ate lunch there . @when the pizza arrived , they went to bed .@lewis had a great time .
holly is pregnant . she 's scared because she does n't know if she is ready to have a child . nine months later her child is born . holly looks at her newborn son and sees how much she loves him . @she decides to take him home .@holly knew that she was meant to have a child .
paul loves playing video games . his computer was having trouble keeping up with the latest ones . he decided to upgrade . after a while his entire computer was practically new . @he was very happy to have a new computer .@now paul can play all the latest games with his friends .
harris and his dad made plans to go hunting . his dad took him to a gun range to practice .  on the morning the the trip , they packed several bags .   when they arrived up , they set up camp .  @they had a great time .@harris then killed a deer and they went home .
stephanie had just moved into her boyfriend 's apartment . she did n't like the way he decorated . she tried to drop subtle hints but he ignored all of them . finally she decided to make some changes while he was at work . @she made a lot of money that day .@her boyfriend was not impressed .
sadie loved growing tomatoes and peppers in her backyard . sadie would grind them together and make a delicious salsa . she began selling it to people to use at their parties . her business started expanding rapidly as demand increased . @jen was happy that she finally had a job .@sadie now makes salsa as her full time job .
my mom came home sad today . i decided to ask her if she 's alright . she did n't say anything .  being considerate , i decided to leave her alone .  @when i got home , i realized she had left my lunch at home .@she eventually came to me and apologized for being rude .
sam was on the elevator to reach his apartment .  all of a sudden , the lights in the elevator went out .  he was stuck on the elevator with the power out . sam texted his girlfriend while he waited in the elevator . @when he got to the elevator , the elevator was gone .@sam was eventually let out when the power came back .
tom slept through his alarm and was late for work today . his boss told him he has been late multiple times this month . he told tom to figure something out so he shows up on time . tom went out and bought three alarm clocks . @when he woke up the next morning , the alarm went off .@now tom is late due to time spent turning off the alarms .
tim was fishing on the bank . he felt a bit on his line . he yanked up real hard . the fish on his line flew out of the water . @the fish caught on fire .@it was the biggest fish he had ever caught .
susan looked forward to sunday . every sunday susan and her grandpa would take a walk into town . when they got to town they would stop at the ice cream shop . susan and her grandpa always order a hot fudge sundae . @they had a great time .@today susan decided to ask for extra fudge on her sundae .
wendell always wanted to learn how to swim . he signed up for swimming lessons at his local ymca . he felt nervous getting in the water for the first time .  eventually , he got the hang of propelling himself in the water .  @when he got home , he realized he did n't have enough water .@wendell became a great swimmer .
coach reid implemented a rigorous boot camp for preseason . every night the players would do a series of military exercises . the coaches hoped this would instill discipline within the players .  although at the time , the players resented it , they grew as a team .  @however , they ended up getting a lot of views .@discipline in sports is an important thing to learn .
 at school , joanie heard some girls talking about church .  they asked joan if she was a christian .  when joanie shook her head , the girls shunned her .  joanie told her mom about it . @one day , her mom told her mom about it .@joanie 's mom told her not to worry about such judgmental people .
sue was a very fit woman . she worked out on a daily basis . sue found out she was expecting a baby . she continued to workout during the pregnancy . @when she got to the gym , she was very sore .@sue 's doctors did not approve .
kelly and her friends wanted to try the new asian fusion restaurant . they absolutely loved asian food . as soon as they walked in the atmosphere was great . the food was delicious . @however to her dismay the food was gone .@they were happy they had come to the new restaurant .
harris was poor . he decided to rob a bank . he held up the bank at gunpoint and stole thousands of dollars . he escaped in his getaway car . @he went to the dealership .@harris could not outrun the police and was caught .
amy was happy it was saturday . she did n't want to go to school and face her friends . they all wanted to hear about the big game . that was the last thing she wanted to discuss . @her mother told her that she could n't do anything .@amy avoided her friends and talking about the big game .
gina and her friends were at the library at school .  but the librarian had left , and locked the door .  the girls sat on the floor in the hallway and waited .  soon , they were concerned she may not be returning .  @finally , she decided to go to the store .@gina decided to call for help .
bani heard that the museum had a dinosaur exhibit . he begged his mom to take him . she took him the very next day . bani excitedly walked through the exhibit . @there , she saw that the exhibit was closed .@bani was fascinated by all the dinosaurs .
ben was shopping at a walmart . he was looking for anything that seemed cool to him . ben noticed a large adult kite was on sale . he bought the kite and went back home . @he bought a new kite .@ben flew his kite in the backyard all night !
alison 's fan had three settings . when she put it on the most powerful one it wobbled . her new boyfriend did n't know this and put it as such . it wobbled to the point of spinning off . @it landed on the ground .@her boyfriend felt bad that he broke the fan .
jessica likes to get coffee before work . one morning she was running five minutes late .  when she got to the coffee shop , the line was very long .  she had to go to work without coffee that morning . @when she got home , she realized she forgot her coffee .@she was frustrated all morning .
i screamed into the void to see if there were any more survivors . between the echos of my yell i thought i heard something . i walked toward the sound of the voice . it grew louder the closer i got . @i could n't find it .@i saw the face of a young lady crying for my help .
i went driving the other day .  after putting the key in , i turned the ignition .  it was n't long before i was on the road ! i went to a grocery store to see if there were any deals . @i went to the store and bought some items .@ there were , and i bought food and then went home . 
sarah wanted to build her new lego kit . she unpacked all of the pieces . she read the directions . she followed the steps to build the kit . @when it was done , she put it in the oven .@sarah was very methodical when using the legos .
 one afternoon sallie took her dog , gibby , to the dog park .  gibby was always afraid of the other dogs at the park .  but this time , she met another dog who was also just as afraid .  both dogs greeted each other with wagging tails . @after a few hours , they found the perfect spot .@sallie was glad that gibbie made a friend .
mike would go to his friends house . they would play sega for hours . all different kinds of games . after hours he 'd finally head home . @he had to go to the hospital .@mike loved going to his friends ' house .
i had to reprimand two employees that worked at different locations . i hated doing it and thought the matter was done with .  weeks later , one left a message about a question on paperwork .   i phoned with :   it 's me   and she said horrible things about me .  @i 'm not sure what i 'm doing .@i was forced to fire the employee .
hannah had a beautiful cat that she loved very much .  however , she noticed that her cat was getting very old .   one day , her cat ran away and never came back .  hannah was devastated . @she ended up winning .@she never saw her beautiful cat again .
amy 's class was going to the museum on a field trip . amy was excited to view the king tut exhibit . amy asked the information desk where to find the exhibit . the lady informed her the exhibit left the month before . @amy was shocked to see the whole zoo .@amy became sad .
larry has n't eaten all day . he is afraid he does n't have any food at home to eat . finally he notices that he has instant noodles in his cupboard . he boils water to cook the noodles . @he is very happy that he has finally learned to cook .@he has noodles for dinner .
tim got his first job . but it required him to sit for long hours . tim wanted to spend the money he earned on a car .  but instead , he had to spend it on back surgery .  @he had a lot of fun .@his back felt much better after surgery .
carl sent a valentine to the girl he liked named katie . but the college mailroom accidentally delivered it to the wrong katie ! the wrong katie was delighted by the valentine she thought was hers .  out of pity , carl took her on a date that night .  @at the end of the night , carl was very nervous .@katie found out and then was very hurt .
derek was driving at night . suddenly his car buckled and he was forced to pull over . there was smoke coming from under the hood . he noticed this and got out of the car quickly . @he had to call the police .@it took 4 hours for his car to cool off so he could go home .
rex had always loved birds . one day his friend recommended they go birding at a local park .  rex and his friend saw finches , sparrows , and other birds .  they talked about all the birds they had seen over ice cream later . @they had a lot of fun .@they had fun .
my grandma was on her deathbed . she told me to always take out time for the little things . i try to live this daily . i try to enjoy the things people normally take for granted . @however , i have never been happier than before .@i thank my grandma for my giving me my life 's philosophy .
tina invited todd to dinner . she went to the fish market for something special . she was frightened by all the fish eyes staring at her . she left without buying anything . @when she got home , she realized she forgot her wallet .@tina decided they 'd eat out for dinner .
wallace had a passion for gardening . he had been gardening since he was ten years of age . wallace followed his passion well into his college years . wallace graduated from college with a degree in biology . @he applied for a job at a local college .@he used his knowledge to become a professional gardener .
tam felt defeated as she looked at her lawn covered with dandelions .  kids came to her daycare , one of them picking a dandelion for tam .  tam had an idea .  before they left , tam told the kids to pick a bouquet for their moms .  @when they were done , they had a great time .@the kids picked bouquets .
